[Produced by Finatik N Zac, Hector Delgado and Jim Jonsin]

[Verse]
I know I dream about her all day
I think about her with her clothes off
I'm ridin' 'round with my system bumpin' LSD
I look for ways to say "I love you"
But I ain't into makin' love songs
Baby, I'm just rappin' to this LSD
She ain't a stranger to the city life
I introduced her to this hippy life
We make love under pretty lights, LSD (Acid)
I get a feelin' it's a trippy night
Them other drugs just don't fit me right
Girl, I really fuckin' want love, sex, dream
Another quarter to the face system
Make no mistakes, it's all, a leap of faith for love
It takes a place in, feelin' that you crave doin' love, sex, dreams

[Chorus]
It started in Hollywood
Dreamin' of sharin' love
My tongue at a loss for words
Cause my feelings just said it all
Party just started up
Dreamin' of sharin' worlds
Held this feeling for way too long
Said, "I really wanna let it go"

[Bridge 1]
I've been gettin' fly because the gimmick's so dope
I've been getting high cause I figured Lord told me
I've been drinking, driving, now we'll never go home
I gon' stay in doubt because the weather's so cold, oh

[Bridge 2]
Feeling low sometimes when the light shines down
Makes me high
Can you feel it?
Can you feel it?
Feeling low sometimes when the light shines down
Makes me high
Can you feel it?
Can you feel it?

[Chorus]
It started in Hollywood
Duh, duh-duh
Dreamin' of sharin' love
Duh, duh-duh
My tongue at a loss for words
Cause my feelings just said it all

[Outro]
I look for ways to say, "I love you"
But I ain't into makin' love songs
Baby I'm just rappin' to this LSD[Produced by Hector Delgado, Frans Mernick and A$AP Rocky]

[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky]
Yeah, live through the strugglin', life's a every day hustle
I hustle every day in life thinkin' back
Takin' packs up the block, them older niggas said I couldn't hustle
Man fuck 'em niggas, I'll be back, strapped back pack
Bitch, I'm flippin' work, hand in hand, I think they call it track hustle
Racin' laps, re-up went to waste, it pays to make it stack
Face the fact, there's always niggas out there, tryin' to knock the hustle
I guess that's why they say we trap, don't let niggas hold you back
I'm just a kettle from the ghetto with no pot to piss in
So who am I to call it black? Black man, black male
Black ball, black opsy, black diamonds glistenin'
Attract the pigs and all the rats, kitten scratch
I went from roaches on my bump to red brooches on the cuff
On my tux, chauffeur pullin' up, no if, ands or buts about him
I went to Paris for my trunks, 100 thousand spend on Goyard
Used 'em once, couldn't give a shit, damn or fuck about 'em
Hit Canal Street, vintage gold medallion
Smokin' blunts in front of public housin'
Wildin' 'til they throw me in them cuffs
Mouth full of fronts, look like Master P up in my Cartiers
Diamonds shinin' in the frames
Changed the game and made them say uhh
Ain't no limits to this shit, life's a flick, you're stickin' to the script
My life is like a movie, they should film me through it
Take a pic, be sure to frame the shit, forever me, was always G
Way before this famous shit, y'all just pretend to do it

[Hook: Bones]
You say you got them guns, but I've never seen you bang
You say you got them drugs, but I've never seen you slang
You say you in that game, but I've yet to see you play
You say you going hard, but nobody feels the same, yeah
You say you got them guns, but I've never seen you bang
You say you got them drugs, but I've never seen you slang
You say you in that game, but I've yet to see you play
You say you going hard, but nobody feels the same, yeah

[Verse 2: A$AP Rocky]
Rap game like the crack game, swear it's all the same hustle
Whippin' soda through the pot, watch it bubble
Flexin' muscle, hit the block, I bet I teach you niggas how to hustle
Sellin' coca on the charts, watch it double
Uh, takin' meetings on my bus, this shit my mobile office
Gettin' head while at my desk, this shit my oval office
I remember when I got a hundred for recordings
Now the sum of my performances, just put me on the Forbes list
Fuck jiggy, I'm flawless, fuck pretty, I'm gorgeous
Your favorite rappers' corpses couldn't measure my importance
My mind is out in orbits, plus my ego got endorsements
Heard the people want that raw shit, but y'all be talkin' bullshit

[Hook: Bones]
You say you got them guns, but I've never seen you bang
You say you got them drugs, but I've never seen you slang
You say you in that game, but I've yet to see you play
You say you going hard, but nobody feels the same, yeah
You say you got them guns, but I've never seen you bang
You say you got them drugs, but I've never seen you slang
You say you in that game, but I've yet to see you play
You say you going hard, but nobody feels the same, yeah[Produced by Mark Ronson & Emile Haynie, additional production by Jeff Bhasker, Hudson Mohawke, A$AP Rocky & Frans Mernick]

[Hook 1: Rod Stewart]
Everyday I spend my time
Drinking wine, feeling fine
Waiting here to find the sign
That I can understand, yes I am

[Hook 2: Miguel]
So everyday I spend my time
Drinking wine, feeling fine
Waiting here to find the sign
That I should take it slow (Here I go!)

[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky]
Off again, there he go to another dimension
My mind, body, soul imprisoned
My eye probably going ballistic but listen
I'm missing a couple of screws, they ain't never do drilling
True, you been sipping away at the truth
Through a side of wisdom ado (do-do)
Rolling through, hitting switches, rolling ditches, blowing kisses
To the bitches, holding biscuits, what's the business
Beat the system, co-defendants, blow the sentence, go to prison
Go to church and pray to father, Lord forgive us (amen)
And only God can judge me and he don't like no ugly
I look so fucking good most dykes'll fuck me buddy
Yeah I'm a piece of shit, I know I plead the fifth
I tell her holla if ya need some dick
But the devotion its getting hopeless
But hold it, I'm getting close as my soul is, I'm seeing ghosts
A solo is now a poet, hypnosis overdose on potions
Adjusting to the motions and getting out all my emotions

[Hook 1]
Everyday I spend my time
Drinking wine, feeling fine
Waiting here to find the sign
That I can understand, yes I am

[Hook 2]
So everyday I spend my time
Drinking wine, feeling fine
Waiting here to find the sign
That I should take it slow (Here I go!)

[Verse 2: A$AP Rocky]
This type of shit
Make a nigga wanna flip September through August
This type of shit got 'em busting out the clip
In the middle of the office
And a message to the bosses
The Misfits' new outfit is on the bloglist
Gorgeous hoes keep on the saying that they caused it
Cause the Porsche's get 'em nauseous
Plus I ain't even mad yet, niggas caught me in a good mood
Paparazzi wanna nag a nigga chillin' at the bag check
Hope they show me in my good shoes
When papa got the brand new bag, Flacko got the brand new rap
That's good news, hood dudes usually don't look like you
How it feel to get a deal and come back
And the whole hood look like you?
Screaming, "Pimp Squad, hold it down!"
Can't drive, bitch, I'm legally blind, bitch
If I leave or die, it's up to me to decide
Shit, niggas copping guns like they legal to buy
The only key to survive and get a piece of the pie
Is to agree with a lot or just believe a facade bitch
And I'll be fine just-a drinking my wine, bitch

[Bridge: Miguel]
I got the love birds chirpin' at the window
But I don't need love no more
I'll be fine, sipping wine
Taking time slow
I got the love birds chirpin' at the window
But I don't need love no more
I'll be fine, sipping wine

[Hook 1: Miguel]
Everyday I spend my time
Drinking wine, feeling fine
Waiting here to find the sign
That I can understand, yes I am

[Hook 3: Rod Stewart]
Everyday I spend my time
Drinking wine, feeling fine
Waiting here to find the sign
I don't care if I ever know, here I go!

[Outro: A$AP Rocky]
I got the love birds chirpin' at the window
But I don't need love no more
I'll be fine, sipping wine
Taking time slow
I got the love birds chirpin' at the window
But I don't need love no more
I'll be fine, sipping wine
Taking time slow[Produced by Hector Delgado, A$AP Rocky, Vulkan the Krusader, Jim Jonsin, Finatik N Zac]

[Intro]
For all them hoes that was frontin' on niggas back in the days, man
(This for my broke jiggy niggas)
You know what I'm saying?
Excuse me, fuck out my face
They say wealth is in the mind, not the pocket
I learned that from a very wise man

Gotta pocket full of stones like Pimp say

[Verse 1]
Okay excuse me, Mr. Bill Collector, I got problems
My check arrive mañana, I'ma pay my debt, I promise
I spent 20 thousand dollars with my partners in Bahamas
Another 20 thousand dollars on Rick Owens out in Barneys
I said excuse me, why the fuck you lookin'? What's your problem?
I swear we gon' have drama if you touch my tailored garments
All you see is niggas here, so that means it's triggers there
What you mean? We got weed, and codeine and bricks for sale
I bet a lot of niggas plottin' so you know I got that heater, bruh
Drive my side of Harlem, catch me ridin' with my nina, bruh
She got an apple bottom that remind you of Bonita, bruh
Oh you mean like Q-Tip? Now that girl my new bitch
Excuse me, no, I believe the proper term's excuse you
I could switch up on you niggas and start shittin' if I choose to
That's when the new you becomin' different since they knew you
I guess the new me is just gon' take some gettin' used to

[Hook]
Excuse me, I tell them they're excused
What's the word around town, tell me what's the latest news
And uh, who them niggas, I tell 'em we them dudes
Ain't got time to make excuses bruh we steady making moves
And I, run the game even when they bend the rules
I pay very close attention after that I pay my dues
And uh, excuse me, may I be excused?
Cause I gave this shit my all, ain't got nothing left to lose

[Verse 2]
Tell me why these little niggas talking like they killas, bruh
Nowadays these niggas always caught up in they feelings, bruh
But I stay 100 cause you know I keep it trilla, bruh
Mobbin like 2Pacalypse or Bishop how I Hit 'Em Up
Fill 'em up with lyrics, bury all my victims, kill 'em
Dig 'em up again, to say I did it
Snitch, excuse me, mind your business, bruh
Swear that you could get it, girl
She a fashion killa, huh? Killa girl, I'm a go-getter, she get it, girl
Flacko, where you been? I've been thuggin' with my niggas, bruh
Flacko, how you been? I'm still thuggin' with my niggas, bruh
Flacko, where you been? I've been thuggin' with my niggas, bruh
Flacko, how you been? I've been thuggin' with my...
Buggin' with my niggas, go sluggin'
Tell me who fuckin' with my niggas
Who run it, my niggas, fuck the fussin', they buckin' and bussin'
Now niggas slump over Robitussin in public
Cup full of purple substance or something
My niggas, the only thing that move me:
'Excuse me'

[Hook]
Excuse me, I tell them they're excused
What's the word around town, tell me what's the latest news
And uh, who them niggas, I tell 'em we them dudes
Ain't got time to make excuses bruh we steady making moves
And I, run the game even when they bend the rules
I pay very close attention after that I pay my dues
And uh, excuse me, may I be excused?
Cause I gave this shit my all, ain't got nothing left to lose

[Outro]
Flacko (x12)[Produced by Hector Delgado, additional production by Danger Mouse, Teddy Walton & THC]

[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky]
Yeah, this year we finna make a killin'
Now the money stack up to the ceilin'
All I know is payback, all I rep is A$AP
Now we finna go off in the buildin'
I could really give a fuck about your feelings
This'd be a schoolboy and a rude boy too
Not a jerk like the New Boyz, groovin' like Schoolboy Q, nigga
I done killed a few boys, nigga
Down a couple shots, turn it up another notch
Got a bitch that's in the spot and she faded
Yeah, corset top with the new ass shots
Couple Instagram likes, now she famous
Nose job, workin' on some payments
On a new car, now she finna trade it
Next time, you shouldn't've sucked a nigga dick for free
Man, I swear the smart girls are my favorite
(Oh, my God, your cable's turned off
You shouldn't've sucked the nigga's dick for free)
Brand new 'Rari, finna race it
I am not the nigga you should play with
This year, I turned it into the racist
All I wanna see is green faces
All I wanna count is green numbers
Man that shit is weird, lookin' like the Matrix
Gave 'em HiiiPower, Always Strive And Prosper
Only took a little bit of patience

[Hook]
Shorty she like to pop ass high
Popped her way up to first class high
She clap-clap-clap-clap-clap, she drop it low
Then she clap-clap-clap-clap-clap, down to the floor
Shake that ass girl, make that coochie wet
Shake that ass girl, make that coochie wet
Shake that ass girl, make that coochie wet
Shake that ass girl, make that coochie wet

[Verse 2: Schoolboy Q]
Ever seen a crib like this? Diamonds in my ear like wrists
Pull off at the light like, 'Wuh', lookin' like a mil in that trunk
Two-seater got me lookin' all clumped, hit a nigga wig on sight
Serve a nigga mom off white, I'ma get it so high, I'm Christ
Nigga, ball so hard like Mike, I could whip that bitch like Ike
I can fuck your bitch off hype, pink ring, got bling all right
How a hot nigga rock this ice? 14, almost got that strike
14, almost did that time, 14, had a 905
Clip small, but the shit shoot fine
Shoot a spine, make a nigga recline
Start sparkin', a nigga go blind, G Rides, hoppin out of Nissans
Do I got them hoes chirpin'? Yeah
Do I put the work in? Yeah
Do I got them hoes out workin'? Yeah
Do I make 'em put the work in the Birkin? Yeah

[Hook]
Shorty she like to pop ass high
Popped her way up to first class high
She clap-clap-clap-clap-clap, she drop it low
Then she clap-clap-clap-clap-clap, down to the floor
Shake that ass girl, make that coochie wet
Shake that ass girl, make that coochie wet
Shake that ass girl, make that coochie wet
Shake that ass girl, make that coochie wet

[Outro]
Ohh, memories
Ohh, memories
Ohh, memories
Ohh, memories
Ohh, memories
Ohh, memories
Ohh, memories
Ohh, memories
(With your electric body, we found ourselves with perfect ways
With your electric body, we're never gonna be alone
With your electric body, we found ourselves with perfect ways
With your electric body
With your electric body
With your electric body)[Produced by Da Honorable C.N.O.T.E. co-produced by Mike Dean]

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
P.O
One time for A$AP Yams
Let's go

[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky]
What's this I see? Niggas tryna act like G's
Got A$AP, got Fergy with me
It's a new day, no Black Eyed Peas
That's that shit, mhm, mhm, yeah, that's that shit
(You ain't got no Flacko in your Serato?)
Mothafucka better blast that shit
Niggas drink quarts of the Clicquot
Bitches sniff raw of the kilos
Flacko makes sales of the perico
She knows, went to ATL for my C-Note
'Member, I ain't ever have no home
Now I got a penthouse and a beach home
Back when I was rockin' least (2 Chainz!!!)
I was trappin' off at least like three phones
Me and Yams made the plan
Then I paid myself and I gave myself advance
Way before I became myself
I'd like to thank myself because I made myself the man
It's like lately I ain't myself
I'd rather hang myself before I play myself
I tell her, "throw on the dress with the pinstripes"
Know the one that fit the booty all skin tight, that's right
Yeah, you that shit, mhm, mhm, yeah, move that shit
Frontin' like you did it for the fellas
Get all the bitches jealous when you do that shit
But my neck is gold, the rest is froze
Sex and hoes, best of both, girls and girls, perpetual
Sippin' slow, Texas throwed, comma, I'm about decimals
Chill and get faded, I'm surprised that we made it
Young niggas know the sky's the limit
All I ever wanna do is chill and get shaded
Chill and get faded, shit, I'm surprised that we made it
Nowadays stress overrated
All I ever wanna do is chill and get shaded

[Pre-Hook: A$AP Rocky]
I wanna see you take it all off
And she just wanna make it harder
And we just end up takin' longer
Can't impress with them diamonds though, them diamonds

[Hook: A$AP Rocky]
Talkin' about M's
Talkin' bout M's, nigga, M's
Make 'em talk about, make 'em talk about M's
Nigga, talkin' bout M's
Nigga, talkin' bout M's
Nigga, talkin' bout M's
Make 'em talk about, talkin' bout M's, nigga
Talkin' bout M's

[Interlude: A$AP Rocky]
It's like lately all I ever seem to think about is M's, nigga
Talkin' 'bout M's
See the same thing all up in my bank account
M's, nigga, talkin' 'bout M's
And my YouTube account say the same amount
M's, nigga, talkin' 'bout M's

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Money talk and dogs bark
I got a pocket full of stones in my stonewashed
Lambo, brand new Lambo
With tiger stripes on it call that bitch a golf cart
I'm outchea, I'm so outchea, I swear niggas have no idea
I swear niggas better wear riot gear
Cause I appear and pow loud and clear give 'em diarrhea, oh
I re-up tonight, I'mma be up tonight, cookin' a key up tonight
Niggas de-up I slide to the right, throw up a three up in time
Put a B up, let's fight, don't get beat up tonight
Feet up in my European, I ride with me heater inside
Kill you and your dog then go put on a shirt that say PETA for life
Like you sneeze you on tight, you got beef I got white
You got beef I got white, I got green, I got white
I got pink, I got pints, I got lean, I got ice
I got needles and pipes, I got clean, I got right
I got mean, I got nice, That's that Tina and Ike
I don't lean on her price, I don't cheat on her price
Try to cheat on the dice, you get beat on the spot
I get keys on the spot and I keep it on lock
And I keep it up safe, what you keep in your safe?
S'what I spent on my watch and I wave it like Ma$e
Bout to redo the face, get a see-through AK
I eat seafood and steak
But girl I'mma treat you like cake til I get a sweet tooth tooth ache
But wait let's talk about M's, not about them
I love my BM's, I love my YM ain't no more CM
Let's pluck out the stems, let's fuck like a nymph
She walk out, she limp, it's dark and we dim, yeah
We dem niggas, handcuffing him niggas back up and skim niggas
See that we strapped up we cap up your brim nigga
Fill my cup up to the rim nigga, Tunechi[Produced by Frans Mernick]

[Intro]
Don't give a fuck about your man
I'm just seeing what it's hitting for (Bitch I'm sayin')
How you fronting on a kid though
You should fuck with me girl, you know what you need girl
See I got used to livin' life up on my own, yeah
And searching lovely for a wife to call my own, yeah
It's all I think about at nights when I'm alone, yeah
Swear that I can't get no rest in California

[Verse 1]
Swear that life is, just a whole bunch of vices
Niggas biting off of my shit, my dick
Stay up in your chick ride stick without a license
Tell her hold on like some vice grips
Might just call her, let her ride with a baller
Look up on her face was priceless
Wonder what my type is, well, tonight Mrs. Lightskin
With a light mix or a light switch, white chick
Darkskin complexion and she righteous
I take a dyke chick if she like dick
I kissed the dyke chick and I liked it
Fucking each and every Katy Perry for the night bitch, light this

[Interlude]
Light it light it, puff it puff it, pass it, pass it
(Moving on to better things)
Just sit back and relax one time, clear your mind
'Bout to send me back to my old ways, know what I'm saying

[Hook]
I've been puffing, rolling up
Cop a lot and pourin' up
Plus my niggas know the plug
A generation's thrown on drugs

[Verse 2]
I swear that bitch Rita Ora got a big mouth
Next time I see her might curse the bitch out
Kicked the bitch out once cause she bitched out, spit my kids out
Jizzed up all in her mouth and made the bitch bounce
Ride with a nigga mane, and you know
I stay fly like the jigga mane, and it figures
Cause here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man, anyways
Nowadays everybody's stressed, yes
Animosity is better off your chest, yes
Guess everybody want to stay blessed, stay fresh
Take a nigga threats, but I'm up next, take debts

[Interlude]
Light it light it, puff it puff it, pass it, pass it
(Moving on to better things)
Inhale exhale, relieve your mind of stress
Smoke some one time for your boy A$AP

[Hook][Produced by Hit-Boy]

[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky]
Feeling like a vigilante or a missionary
Tell my A$AP killers get they pistols ready
Send 'em to the cemetary with obituaries
Don't be scared, nigga, is you ready?
I've been thinking 'bout all the O's in my bank account (What?)
X the hoes in my bed is 'round the same amount (What?)
Ever since this new star fame came about
Or ever since me and Drizzy started hangin' out
Young boy, let his gun bang, let his nuts hang
Transition to a Lamborghini from a Mustang
Drugs slang in the drug game with the hustling
(I know one thing) Anything is better than that 1 Train
Bag made of Goyard, cheffin' like I'm Boyar-
Dee, probably selling D in your local courtyard
Braids like I'm O-Dog, my la familia go hard
Down to my inlaws, they outlaws with no laws

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
We outlawed then I bogart, any pros that got 'proached at
With a toe-tag, get broke off, in the projects with a skateboard
I roll past and I blaze y'all like, "DOO DOO!" I hate y'all
When the beef cooked, I ate y'all like, "Mmm mmm,"
Let's play ball in a ballpark with all sharks and a blindfold
I rhyme cold, my K hot, your 9 cold, that bark like K9's on
That banana clip, straight from the rip
I'll make that shirt say RIP, I'm on some shit
If I'm not the hottest then Hell must've froze over
You thought it was safe then forgot what the code was
I carry traits of a traumatized soldier
Don't look in my face, I might snap, I might choke ya
Spine right out of place, give me dap like you 'posed ta
Darts at your posters, dark nights like this
I metamorph like I'm 'posed ta, I might slice my wrist
Or pretend like a vulture and drop off this cliff

[Verse 3: Joey Bada$$]
Barely even conscious, talking to my conscience
Gettin' deeper in these flows like conches
I'm on my convict, don't drop bars, I drop prisons
Don't sell rocks, seen the spectrum through the prisms
Somehow bypassed the bias and the -isms
The violence and the killin', so given
They seen my pigment and thought that was the ign'ance
Unfortunately I am not that type of niglet
But pass the pot, let me skillet
Just got back to the block from a 6 o'clock with Jigga
And I'm thinkin' 'bout signin' to the Roc
But my niggas on the block still assigned to the rocks
And I swear it hurt me soul
I try to prevail, but when I preach it only hurt their sales
Like you're only gon' end up either dead or in jail
But you my nigga, wish you the best for real

[Verse 4: Yelawolf]
When you mention my name amongst other white rappers
Or for that matter, any fuckin' rapper, fuck it
Painter, skater, musician, trailer park dirt ditch diggin'
Burger flippin', eat, sleep, shittin' human bein', you would be in
Trouble to body double or couple me to these others
Cause comparatively speakin', my reach is beyond the bubble
That they put me in, my vision's beyond the Hubble's
I huddle with Nubians, new beginning again
You in school at 10, late, Radioactive's goin' gold
And so? GREAT. Do I give a flying duck
If I'm applyin' love to my rhymin' plus alignin' us?
Alabama's climbin' up, wait, no I don't give a
Flying duck, nothing but a buckshot, Ch, pow!
Motherfuck your life, pussy blood clot
Ain't never been no rapper this cold since 2Pac was froze
And thawed out for a spot date at a Coachella show, Yelawolf

[Verse 5: Danny Brown]
Weed a different color like a hoodrat bra and panties
And my flow be overhead like pots and pans in pantries
Antsy cause I'm high like Michael Jackson penny loafers
Moonwalkin' on the sun, barefoot, with shades on
Bitch pussy smell like a penguin
Wouldn't hit that shit with my worst enemy's penis
Bitch when I say this I mean this: Ho, I'm the meanest
Dick so big, stretch from Earth to Venus
That molly got me nauseous, aw shit, no off switch
Lawless, obnoxious, on that "suck my cock" shit
That is my synopsis, ostrich posh shit
Hoes on some goth shit, stop it! You not this!
Novice, regardless, heartless and awkward
Cryin' tears of vodka prima donna at the concert
Adonis smokin' chronic 'bout to vomit gin and tonic
Just bein' honest, tell me, isn't that ironic?

[Verse 6: Action Bronson]
Swiftly, I shift the Bimmer 860
A heavy smoker so you know I brought the Blake with me
The moon’s reflection off the lake hit me
You should've stayed with me, now many Asian bitches lay with me
The face is silky like a tablecloth
My shorty gallop in the morning on the beach like a Chilean horse
Red roses dropped from boxes very often
Confetti torchin', drinking Henny like I'm Kenny Lofton
Outstandin'
I fixed the game between Georgia Southern and Gramblin'
You see us scrambling, selling Susan Sarandon
The cloud of smoke like the phantom
Damn this shit tastes like fantastic
You see me comin' through in each state
Just so the lord could put the fork inside the cheesecake
Cuffed to my wrist, I’ve got the briefcase
The gavel slam, I’m a free man, try not to eat ham

[Verse 7: Big KRIT]
Big KRIT, shawty
Spit like my last breath: casket rap, six deep
Eyes closed, the black is back, out come the 'Lac with flats
After that, bottles I can’t pronounce, like, “How you ask for that?”
Why you ask for crack and all you had was scratch?
All I had was rap, when all they had was wack
All I wanted was love, all they had was dap
Fuck them haters and fuck them hoes, a championship win is
The aftermath, ask LeBron, open palm slap a bitch
Walk the plank or break a bank, I’ve been in the business of sinkin' ships
Chokin' niggas out with the anchors that they anchor with
Resuscitations cost the label, I’m taxing if you want a hit
Clear, fuck your career, bitch, I was born here
Been a killer, '86er, nigga, that's my born year
Get the fuck from 'round here, that's just my country ways
Suckin' on your momma's titty, bitchin' while I was choppin' blade
Grippin’ grain, fuckin' hoes, candy paint like Everglades
Miss me with that rapper chatter, take that shit up with my bass
I put that on my sub, how could you ever doubt me?
Most rappers hoping the world end so they won't have to drop another album
B.B. King saw the king in me, so why can't you?
In order to come up close, you’ll have to dig up Cash and Elvis, too
(That wasn't no sample nigga!)
Muddy water flow, Dixie rebel past
Fuck your Louis flag, popping benji tags on your wifey’s ass
That’s out of line, but in living color?
I’m more like Miya Bailey on you rap motherfuckers, a true artistAll gold, all gold

[Verse 1- Spuare Off, Trips]
Dreaming nigga sleepin, I'm out for the weekend
Fuck it, all the lean on me, Morgan Freeman
Gold chain, gold roll
If she swallow let me know
Acid tripping, skinny dippin
Pillsbury, get the dough
Then I'm on another show
? got the smoke
Riding down Crenshaw
Young niggas winnin bro
King all of my niggas
Queen all of my bitches
Spend it all on these riches
When I'm done you gon miss us
My bitch bad Kim K
In Japan like a sense
They gon do what Trip say
Cause Trips banking all this k
These niggas fake, I'm real
Like my nigga Paul Wall grill
No ice, my niggas chill
I wonder how Pimp C feel
OG
All my niggas don told me
Gold Chain, Purple lean, Kobe
Hope these niggas don't od
Fucked a bitch she don't know me
After I nut, get up and leave
My black ?, thats OC
We run the world like Bush peeps

[Hook-Square Off, Slim]
Throw the pot, turn the stove, my niggas dipped in all gold
All gold, all gold, all gold
Minus tolks, on them toes
Paint them bitches all gold, all gold, all gold

[Verse 2-Square off]
Loud all in that zip Still ridin round with that grip
I said why I'm sellin my buckle Gold crowns all round our wrists
I be standing high on these couches looking down on all these snitches
Middle finger to the law dicking down these niggas bitches
Fuck your ho your bitch is bad
All her toes be painted gold plus Birkin bags
Cause when she rockin, pussy pop, that ass fat
I seen her owner with a bottle, you can have it back
Skinny nigga, pockets brawlin, I got them racks
Time to wash my niggas money like a laundromat
You know where to find me at
Full grown, Jesus piece on the cuban links
Lord knows, we got the streets
Got the keys, game locked, door closed
Court cases I fought those
Bases loaded, I toss Os
Range Rover, don't Porshe drove
Got 4 hoes, fuck 4 clothes
I'm in Atlanta, like Georgia Dome be uptown like, Fordham Road
When I'm dead and gone, its over tell em all gold my torso, oh!

[Hook]

[Verse 3- ASAP Rocky]
Oh, picture me gold, now would you hang it
If it's perfect picture, let me tell you would ya frame it
Fuck that shit it's plated, never outdated
I'm 24 on 24 karats but my chain is
Fuck that shit I'm famous, got bitches out the anus
No homo rose gold will be my latest
I bought it for my latest, my newest bitch is Danish
She don't speak my language
But I bet she know what my name is

[Hook][Prod. by 183rd]

[Intro]
Uh, right

[Verse 1]
I'm a loco, nigga, straight loco
So think twice 'fore you cross my path
Cause frontin' on DZA's a no go
I said a no go, told y'all, niggas is a Bozo
To go against my word just take it from me cause I know so
Nigga no thought
Bodied in the trap, you get roped off
Call me Polo Young
Nigga this a mothafuckin' Lo Sport
Kick that shit like none other
Rearrange a deal, need more mugga
Tryna get drunk as a fish tonight
Holla at my homeboy Joe Scudda
Straight shots, I don't need no ice in it
Got me talking reckless all night with it
All these old niggas on Gotti dick
Real life, he ain't even like niggas
Tryna be more like Bob Lemon
Obsession with the flow let the beat ride
From the West to the East side
Light the sour and bump this joint up in your G ride

[Hook: ASAP Rocky]
Uh, I'm sittin' high, I'm tippin' slow
I'm gettin' high, but I'm sippin' slow
Mouth full of golds, nigga I got hella hoes
I'm that Harlem mothafucka with that mellow flow
Coming down, sittin' clean, mixin' that Promethazine

(Purple, we loco! Purple, we loco!
On purple, we loco! Purple, we loco!)

[Verse 2]
I'm a corporal
Been around the globe, you're a local
Niggas know ya gaffe and we laugh at the ash
That ya pass cause you’re more like Fogel
I thought I told you
You niggas hard of hearin', thought I told you
There's some new niggas eating in the hood
Shit. them other niggas old news
We them new niggas
Clappin at strong, whole crew's stable
Me and my niggas run this shit
Coolest niggas sittin' at the cool table
Niggas pop shit on the web
Hide up in they crib cause they ain't able
'til you GPS a nigga's crib, tell some niggas where they live
Like they worked for cable, but they bout that life
You niggas ain’t with it though
You know, who you fooling?
You know you don’t smoke for real
Why you tryna reach for the doob? What you doing?
'til the next life
It's Jet Life, flying high is luxury
Ain’t shit changed, still George Kush
Still need eight lungs to come puff with me

[Hook][Intro: A$AP Rocky]
Coming down, sittin' clean, mixin' that Promethazine

[Verse 1: A$AP Twelvyy]
It's that ASAP
Gimme that beat, no take backs
Flow so hard I state facts
These real slugs, y'all 8-track
That's fool's gold, I’m two, four
Yellow and purp, I move slow
Stacking all my cool dough
Teacher need that too, though
I'm just copping sneakers
And a couple heaters
Loaded up on ammo
Dumping all these features
Fucking with me? Nah, my man
It’s clear to see you high my man
Ain't no system, try my man
Then they wonder why, my man
Moving like we moving, rising like we rising
ASAP Worldwide, global enterprising (huh)
Don’t that sound good, corporate but I'm wild hood
Coming from a wild hood now just his style (Huh)
Ricky always with us, sip the 'zona
Flacko put me on it, now the hoes won't get up off it
That's that pimp shit, never on no symp' shit
Shorty here now, best believe that's my tense bitch

[Verse 2: Danny Brown]
I'm a weirdo
Molly in the pocket of my pea coat
Wresting a P-bo have three hoes
Got coke so we about to speed boat
I got trees anD O's
Step brother shit got boats and hoes
Boats and soda, rolling up the doja
White boys grew up the Pacific Coast
I thought I told ya so, I got tons of hoes
So when I lick lick lick lick on that bitch friend
Take the dick out the pussy, put it in the throat
Jiggas can’t say no to James
I done popped about 2 beans
Spillin' purple on the Moncler
Splitting swishers, blunts in the air
With my nigga, Smoke DZA
Now these hoes wanna know a nigga
Cause when I'm on the east, I fuck with Ruff
On the west, my drink is gruff
Fuck my dog, fuck my peso
Suck my dick ho cause I say so
Now she all up on my jock
Never made love but I fuck a lot
Taking shots of that tiger balm
Jeremy Scott, tiger on
Fixing a blunt at the blunt fitting dope
Now she talking about she wants the tiger balm
And my teeth fucked up but nigga I got hella hot hoes
I'm that Detroit mothafucker with the rudest flow

[Hook: A$AP Rocky & (Smoke DZA)]
I'm sittin' high, I'm tippin' slow
I'm gettin' high, but I'm sippin' slow
Mouth full of golds, nigga I got hella hoes
I'm that Harlem mothafucka with that mellow flow
Coming down, sittin' clean, mixin' that Promethazine (Uh)
Coming down, sittin' clean, mixin' that Promethazine (Uh)
Coming down, sittin' clean, mixin' that Promethazine (Uh)
Coming down, sittin' clean, mixin' that Promethazine
(White! Purple, we loco! Purple, we loco!
On purple, we loco! Purple, we loco!)

[Verse 3: Killa Kyleon]
I’m too throwed
Two white cups, my shit filled
Drunk, high, pop Vic or X
Drink got me on lean like my 5th wheel
Candy painted sitting on them pokers
Make a barber disappear like hocus pocus
David Blaine, I take your picture
And never eat no dick like fried okra
ASAP my jewelry rocking
My watch, my chain, last name’s Stallone
King of the underground like Kevin Bun
Y’all freshman niggas better watch the throne
Money calling, gotta watch the phone
A nigga on his grind can’t miss shit
I’m bad to the bone like hoes clothes
AKA I’m a misfit
Y’all broke ass niggas just get rich
While I get rich my flow loco
It's so loco
I got the game in the jump, seen the show coat, del loco
Stupid bread, retarded money
As that Chevy my short bus
Smoking loud, you gotta cough it up
Another beat dead, getting chopped up
Part fidel, screwed face
I’m so H-Town like Scoob‘s tapes
Counting money, y’all flick the conch
I’ll hold a dead nigga so two faced (yeah)
Kush garden
There’s a killa, I lean and dream
My cups double, my blunts rolled
And I'm shaking these haters like Hakeem the Dream

[Verse 4: Freeway]
That shit crazy I’ve been lock
Since niggas been living in they moms’ house
Had ye, had nicks, had dimes out
While y’all was still playing in your snow clothes
Yo new chick? My old ho
Yo new style? My old clothes
These niggas ain't got no clothes
Plus they be kicking it with po-po
I’m realer toward the dealer
Need that pen of Mary Urkle
Got a real line, got a trap line
Got Google voice numbers on both phones
I’m a globe trotting nigga that hold chrome
Fireman gotta ladder that chromo
No sprite, sip the purple straight
R-A-N-A real ass niggas that don’t blow
Mommy give me chocha
Papi know I’m loco
I see him, and cop two
Then he throw me popas
Betty Crocker cakes I move
A lotta come in place your order
Move that king, simply cause we able to
And proper told the chopper (haha)

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Smoke DZA]
Why? I’m a loco, nigga straight loco
First time out I warned y'all
Now I’m bout to go postal
First let me get to the pro tools
Fucking real low nigga, old school
This time I brought my folks through
Harlem niggas show love like I’m supposed to (huh?)
I got some bud in the cut
Rolling through the sink with some mud in my cup
Pour me an eighth, got me all stuffed
My nigga low from Meridian know what’s up
One time for my N.O. niggas
My Texas niggas, some reckless niggas
Double cup for breakfast niggas
All day no, effort niggas
I'm gettin' high, I'm sippin' slow
And all this tour money, I'mma get some more
Aight, bring it to the hood, get a heavy flow
You know us Harlem mothafuckas like to hustle though
I need the bread and the butter
Might be a hit, wouldn’t it be nice if I fooled ya
One time for the third and my homeboy Scudda
Better watch yo mouth til I get this shooter
I'm a loco, loco, you shook nigga
Keep yo head down, don’t look nigga
Better watch out for the hook

[Outro: A$AP Rocky]
Coming down, sittin' clean, mixin' that PromethazineA$AP Rocky is apologizing to NBA basketball player Jason Collins for his actions at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards, which sparked rumors that he was homophobic

When the duo introduced Macklemore‘s performance of ‘Same Love’ during the awards show on Aug. 25, Rocky looked visibly uncomfortable around the openly-gay Collins, who made a speech about gay rights.

The A$AP Mob leader explained himself to The Stashed, detailing what happened that night

“I’m mad that my facial expressions was like that because I’m not homophobic at all, and that whole thing just came off real homophobic,” Rocky admits. “I didn’t really notice it until I got home and saw it. I apologize to Jason for that, because people was laughing and s-, and you know… I really don’t think that’s funny. I saw they were making all the memes and pictures and making fun of him.”

He also shared that he wasn’t too fond of MTV pairing him with Collins if he was going to be addressing the topic. “There’s people out there that think I was doing that to be funny, and truthfully I got gay people in my family,” Rocky states. “I don’t give a f- if you gay or you not, I just found it odd that MTV wanted to stand me next to this n- when they are talking about gay people, that’s all. You know what I’m saying?”

On the music front, A$AP Rocky and his A$AP Mob will debut a collaborative LP on Oct. 15. The project is currently untitledDanny Brown: Hello. My name is Daniel

A$AP Rocky: And my name? My name is Taylor to the motherfucking Swift, nigga.

AR: What's your favorite kind of bitch to fuck?

DB: A nasty bitch. That likes anal, with some pretty feet.

AR: Yo, you like sucking toes, nigga?

DB: Yeah, I suck on some toes.

AR: [Laughs] You a nasty nigga.

DB: I like spitters, like a lot of spit.

AR: You like squirting bitches?

DB: That shit smell like pee the next morning.

AR: That shit has pee in it. I think it is pee.

DB: It's fun, but it ain't cool to wake up cold in a puddle. But that's tight. I got a question: you ever fuck a bitch off Twitter?

AR: Nigga, hell yeah, nigga. [Laughs] Hell yeah I fucked a bitch off Twitter, nigga. I fuck bitches off Twitter. I like Facebook bitches better though.

DB: Why is that?

AR: Cause Facebook bitches is more personal, see with Twitter you only get the option of recent photos and they icon, little avatar thing. With Facebook, you get to look through all they photos, they photos from last year--

DB: This is true--

AR: They current photos, you get to see if they really got a fat ass or not. That's why Facebook bitches is better than Twitter bitches.

DB: This is true. My Facebook not popping cause I don't know [laughs]

AR: You change your picture yet?

DB: Nah.

AR: See, that's what it is. They seeing the old picture, you gotta show 'em that you still relevant. Show 'em that you still on that Facebook wave. You feel me?

DB: I gets no bitches on Facebook.

AR: I gets no bitches on Twitter.

DB: Nah, on Twitter you got a million fucking followers, nigga. How you get no bitches on Twitter?

AR: I got like ten thousand followers. Yo, what's the funniest thing you did since you been out here in Barcelona?

DB: I did molly. Pure. Cause back home, the molly back home is just like pure powder and shit. This shit was like crystals, like fucking birthstones. I ain't never seen no shit like that.

AR: You do molly all the time, nigga. What's so special about--

DB: That shit was fun as hell, cause that shit just kicked in like boom. Like usually that shit just guide a nigga, you know you just start feeling good for no reason. You start feeling happy, you know what I'm saying? It wasn't like that last night. I was high and I was chilling then the next you know, that shit was like boom, nigga. I just felt like I smoke a thousand blunts. I just started, just like finger rolling with the bitch like damn, you know what I'm saying? I just start to feel a way when I'm singing that sex on the beach.

AR: [gets handed a drink] Thank you kindly.

DB: So what's the biggest thing you hate about being in the music industry?

AR: Biggest thing I hate about being in the music industry is fake ass niggas popping shit that I can't get to. That's goin' be all the time. That's goin' be the regular.

DB: That's goin' be the least, the least.

AR: Nah, that shit irk the shit out of me cause it's just like so much little fat bitch ass motherfuckers that's like popping shit, like just like going crazy life.

DB: You know what I hate the most?

AR: What?

DB: I hate all the old niggas that don't realize they job over with. Even though I'm a old nigga too. [Laughs] But they still be tryna like--

AR: You mean niggas that been here prior?

DB: Yeah, man. Like c'mon, man.

AR: Nah, I'mma come clean, what I really hate about the music industry for real is like: I got so much bitches and I don't even know what to do with all of them It's like: Too old bitches, bruh.

DB: It's like that Tela song, "I'm so tired of balling cause it's too many bitches on my dick/ Never heard a player say nothing like this."A$AP Rocky: Yo, what's up, motherfuckers? This is Rick James, and I'm kicking it with my boy...

RiFF RAFF: Jody Highroller, chain colder than North and South polar.

AR: [laughs]

RR: What they want? What they was asking? They alright? They good? [To cameraperson] The camera froze up. Fuck around and cause a freeze frame.

AR: You know what my first question to you is?

RR: Wha?

AR: Who is RiFF RAFF? For the people.

RR: Shh, I'm still figuring that out myself.

AR: [laughs]

RR: Really, to be honest with you. That's like me asking A$AP who is A$AP.

AR: I be like man, he's some jiggy nigga from Harlem

RR: Sky's the limit!

AR: Yeah, true.

RR: I'm just, whatever I looked up to be when I was 3 or 4 years old. And I didn't even know it!

AR: What's that? A rapper?

RR: Not just, not a rapper, ya know I mean? A whole...I can show you better than I can tell you. This ain't no rap. Ya know what I mean? I ain't rappin on this. [holds up shirt] This, like, the neon icon. Some kids or something, they want to put something on their binder [rips off tag]

AR: Oh, they got the sticker as a tag!

RR: Yeah...that's what I mean.

AR: Alright.

RR: You might want to here [puts sticker onto trash] or we got Neff speakers [puts sticker onto speaker]. So he might be in here recording and he be like, damn, me and this motherfucker better do a damn album or tour together. You know what I'm saying?

AR: You know what I feel like? [lighting blunt] A tour with you probably would be the funnest tour.

RR: I would make it the funnest tour.

AR: I know that.

RR: Ain't even a question.

AR: I know that.

RR: [laughs] There'd be no fights in our tour! There'd be a lot of girls, a lot of titties, a lot of neon bikinis, neon bikinis you get in half-price! Man, you wear a bikini to my show! Anything else is uncivilized. You know what I mean?

AR: Now, another question I got for you. What's your favorite type of lady?

RR: [sighs] Butterscotch. I call 'em butterscotch. The girl like, skin so, it ain't no race!

AR: It ain't no race.

RR: It ain't no race! The tone of the skin, I don't care, I don't ask, what is he? White, black, Italian, I don't even ask no more. I just use my eyes, like butterscotch is I'm like, like a magnet. Golden skin.

AR: What's your favorite type of purple drink?

RR: Purple?

AR: Yeah, you know like how you go.

RR: Actavis, gotta be Actavis. The other shit make me throw up, I'm allergic to anything but luxury. Like motherfucker try to have me sit in the car, these motherfuckers tried to have a tour bus with car seats. I was like, you motherfuckers, is this a tour bus or is this a Greyhound and you rented it? Rented a Greyhound. I can't do it.

AR: What would you say...

RR: [Interrupting] We're gettin' high, y'all. Don't even pass the blunt no more, just blow the smoke in my direction.

AR: What word would you use to describe, I guess your hairdos and shit, man?

RR: Versatile. Y'know what I mean? You got long hair too! I mean, I mean, we can perm, I could get the curls, the Shirley Temple curls, I can switch it up, go all...if I wanted to I could fuck around, just get it, y'know what I mean, straight up top, get the super high Bart Simpson/Kid and Play. I can get braids, I can get some A$AP, I might just go A$AP and shoot a movie and then, oh, my name ain't A$AP, my name is gonna be, JA$AP Flocky. And be like, no I ain't copying A$AP.

AR: Didn't somebody already do that to you?

RR: You tell me!

AR: [laughs]

RR: It's better coming from you, I mean.

AR: What's your favorite cartoon, brah?

RR: Damn, Family Guy.

AR: Very rare, very rare.

RR: All I watch is cartoons. I don't even...I try keeping my mind clean, y'know what I'm saying? That don't mean I, if a girl put on a flick that I won't watch it!

AR: Ya, ya, ya, ya.

RR: But it like, horror movies, and shit like that? And like, all that extra ass shit, I like, I just feel no need for it in my brain.

AR: Ya, ya, ya, ya.

RR: I like all up, up going shit.

AR: When I first saw you on TV, I thought you was faking. I thought you was like this crazy white boy, just acting like a fucking crazy motherfucker and shit, right?

RR: Ya.

AR: And then when I met you, I said, this nigga really is a crazy white boy, just acting like a crazy, like, like that's just you. Y'know what I'm saying? Like, I used to, be like, alright, is there just going to be one day where I'm just going see this nigga be on some shit like, "Alright, I'm just playing, guys, I was kidding." But this motherfucker is really from Texas, really do sip drank, he loves caramel bitches, and he loves bright colors for his clothes. Look at the shorts, brah.

RR: No, it goes with the shoes, you seen these ones? Can we cut the lights off, cut the lights off, someone cut the lights off. Someone cut the lights. Cut it off. Cut the lights off, no homo, pause.

[lights cut]

RR: You getting all this? Or is this not it? Can we get the?

Cameraman: It's not showing on mine.

RR: I need uh, really a brighter light. So I can show you this shit. Cuz these motherfuckers glow in the dark.

AR: Yo, this weed is so good. Yo, [to cameraman] are we both in frame?

Cameraman: I've got both of you.

RR: They're gonna draw a cartoon of me later. Put me right here.

AR: Hey, so, uh, where were you born, brah?

RR: Texas. Houston, Texas.

AR: You know what I love about Texas? The culture. I'm into the culture, man. It's like you know how Wu Tang's from New York, Staten Island, but

RR: Somebody else might have kept their...

AR: Nah, they fuck with that Chinese shit, y'know, the fucking...

RR: Ya, ya, ya, they has that.

AR: Shaolin shit...

RR: They use that in their style.

AR: Yeah.

RR: Cuz that's what they, they ain't even trying, that's just what they're attracted to.

AR: For me, I was attracted to the Houston culture, nigga.

AR: What's better than slow music, big fat old bootys, swangin' on fours, hold up, you know, pullin' up a four. On top of that, when you in that zone and everybody in the environment is in that zone, can't nobody kill your high. Can't fuck it up, brah.

RR: Dude, you just in that mode.

AR: Shout outs to that homie Killer Cali. I fuck with Killer Cali. OG Ron C is the homie, brah. Come clean as well.

AR: Do you fuck with any of my music?

RR: Yeah, man. I listen to all that, for sure.

AR: You like any songs in particular?

RR: Particular? Damn, what's that fucking beat? That...[hums]...damn, man!

AR: Is it Pain? Does it go, um,

RR: You know it's like, [hums].

AR: [laughs]

RR: And then they gotta mix the song in! And then they're gonna be like, okay, that's exactly how the beat go.

AR: Wait, which song did you, I don't know what you talking about?

RR: Just now, I had a show in Las Vegas and we were just listening to back-to-back A$AP Rocky. No bullshit, I can't tell you what songs they were, but we're, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't skipped through 'em! Y'know what I mean? I enjoyed it, y'feel me?

AR: For real.

RR: Y'know, you ain't gonna research a motherfucker, like, that's on, I'll leave it on.

AR: No, real shit though, bro. Would you come on tour with me to make me laugh, brah? Like, just, just be you.

RR: Backstage...

AR: Just be you, brah!

RR: That's what I do!

AR: Fuck with me, brah. And just you go in the crowd, get all the bitches,

RR: I do whatever, I do,

AR: Y'know what I mean...

RR: that's me! That ain't no job. That's me, saying, yo, thanks for inviting me, that's what I say.

AR: You know what my favorite freestyle of yours is?

RR: What?

AR: The shit you did in London, with...

RR: When I broke my chain?

AR: Yeah, when you broke your chain! That shit was funny. That was Amsterdam, matter of fact, Holland.

RR: Yeah, Holland.

AR: Yeah, I fuck with Amsterdam. How you feel about Amsterdam, man?

RR: I like it.

AR: You like it? Did you get to fuck with any of the bitches in the glass?

RR: I'm just gonna say that's undisclosed terms. Know what I mean? Undisclosed.[Intro: ASAP Rocky]
Yo, ASAP here
We 'bout to kill a fucking game
You know who the fuck we are
You know my motherfucking name
I fucked your dame
And she bought me a chain
And a range
And a pinky ring, bling, bling
And all my niggas here, they about to kill this shit
What you say Nast?

[Verse 1: ASAP Nast]
Hold up dog, Nast in this bitch again
Sipping Hen, staring at that white girl from Michigan
She was with a friend, fat ass fly ho
I went in for the kill, ASAP, pronto
So wait boo, 'fore we hit your condo
Got another friend with me named Whitney from Chicago
Whitney love ta model? I'm thinkin' ménage
The truck parked out from, the Chevy get Ta-hoes
Haters all in my face, can't see, blindfold
? on my feet, blew right by folks
Stuntin' on sucker niggas is what I was designed for
Dead fresh, fresh to death, I should have designed clothes
But I'm blessing these tracks, sick flow, swine flu
Y'all ain't fucking with Nast, I been nice, y'all knew
Haha, nigga that shit times two
I'm who your bitches wanna kick it with, kung-fu
But what, dog? What is you saying?
Nast in this bitch, ho, why is you playing?
Like I won't slay this stage on some gang shit?
Turn into a mayhem, beat hard, flow hurtin
Cali swag bitch, snapback, no jerkin'
Fuck work, fuck money in hands, hoes know this
Fast forward, past focus, I'm that on it
One of the best to do, I think not, you bet on it
Giant ass you be lumberjack Paul Bunyon
Hoes love it, lover never put none above it
Wanna hug me tighter than jeans ass sportin'
Carry corpses to cemeteries, that's very often
Sport fortune, Matchboxes, that awesome

[Verse 2: SPACEGHOSTPURRP]
So what I say, motherfucker
Already know I never been a sucker
See I lust ya, I want ya
Baby come home, babygirl, what's your name, Wanda?
Do you wanna get up on me?
Do you wanna bend over?
Do you feel horny?
Do you wanna feel the stroke?
It's kind of like Facebook when you feel a poke
ASAP, no joke
Raider Klan, all back and we aiming at your throat

[Verse 3: ASAP Rocky]
I wanna rock but the bitches want me, though
D&G briefs fit a nigga like a Speedo
Skinny nudie jeans, though
Boots be 40 below
He flow, 100 degrees, the jewels zero
Rockstar rap, he reps Guitar Hero
Leopard Louboutins like Speedo on Steve-O
Charge me on the game, couldn't pause me on Tivo
Beyonce, the Kanye, I got a big ego
On to that next shit, you looking at the bestest
Married to the game, treat you niggas like my stepkids
Pull up in a Porsche, niggas get nausea
Didn't write the rules but my status like the author
Just crashed the range, so I pulled the Bent out
Probably getting brains, chilling in the penthouse
Swagging on you maggot and I'm about to lay the pimp down
Christian Louboutin red bottoms come in mens now
On to the next ones, skinny jeans fit in
Pull up to the shows and these hoes know to get in
Said they like my fitted clothes down to my split ends
Little do she know, I got a big ego
Automatic weapon need an order of protection
Killin Feelin all these records so my charges is molesting
Assault with deadly weapons, got these rappers feeling threatened
A hip-hop veteran, I'm a hip-hop felon

[Verse 4: ASAP Twelvy]
It's a war going on outside and we started it
Believe that or die, nigga, on some martyr shit
All my niggas on the scene like some Sparta shit
And we came to double up on that Harlem shit
We all eating, this is how it's supposed to go
Stop speaking, this is how you supposed to flow
The ins and out, never a winner's route
I never lose again, it's like every day I lose a friend
To some dumb shit, whore and dumb bitch
So a hating nigga, whore cuff wrists
I know a lot of niggas sitting in a cell now
For the shit I've done, I'm probably even hell-bound
But it's cool with me, jacking niggas' jewelry
I don't give a fuck about your foolery
Nigga keep a tool with me just to blast at you bitches
Marvelous at the top and our rags to the riches
ASAP, nigga

[Verse 5: ASAP Ferg]
On my Pokemon shit, you already know...
I said, I said, I said
I swear to God I want it all
He gon' give it to me back
And get on top (?)
Purple label sweats, I swear to god I'm rich
And once I get these many bitches, swear to God I'm in
I be on my fucking shit, toast to the Gods, tell me what God sipping now
Henny, and I'm out here and my dad was in bed
So I down a whole bottle on that bitch with the mink
I go haaaaaaaard
I'm sorry, Mama Ferg, for all of these curse words
But I'm so fucking serious
Shit I'm street, like a curb
And I'm tweaked, like a nerve
And I'm smart, like a nerd
Guess that's why my last name Ferg
Okay I'm glidin' like a fucking bird
Yeah my name is Ferg but I'm a fucking terror, ya heard?
Now I'm on some rider shit
You done got yourself in beef
Now you on some Gaga shit
Red line on some Prada shit
Now you want to know the deadline on some Project shit
Black bitch an actor, put em in some toddler shit
Pu-ray you buried then hair dyed like that Robyn bitch
This ain't no bullshit, I ain't letting no fools in
See my bitch ride that big thing, you on that little shit
Trying to make noise, you squeaking like a little pit
Put her into that dog, my attitude's a little Vick

[Verse 6: ASAP Rocky]
Next time my niggas fall back
ASAP Raider Clan and we all blacked out
Tell that bitch get it mapped out
And I fucked a bitch, now she flat out
Chest out, on the fucking floor, never hit it raw
Got a condom and I got a towel by the door
Just in case the smoke go into the hallways
Cause I be smoking weed and fucking all day
This is off the top of the dome, let me introduce my niggas before a nigga go home
We got Ty Beats, the illest producer in the streets
You know he come through with that motherfucking heat
Got Twelvy, motherfucking Twelvy, got a bad bitch, Jewish named Shelby
Got my nigga Nast in the back
Got a snapback to the back, he don't even know how to act
Got my nigga named Purrp, Spaceghostpurrp, do your bitch real dirt
That's dirty, little flirty, fucked a bitch named Purdy, did her dirty
Got my nigga named Ferg, what's the word
And you know he fucking know these verbs, give them to the curb
Got nerve in the bitch, got served, better get mine nigga, bitches got nerve
Wait your turn
[Peace out, or kiss my ass!

[ASAP Ferg]
Yeah, kiss my ass too!]

[ASAP Nast]
Suck a nigga dick or somethin'![Verse 1]
Feeling outta place, plus it's getting kinda late
Tryna make it home safe and not get raped, where you live?
Tina tummy ache, Gina got the funny face
Mona's sniffing dope, so her dome is leaning on your rib
I bet you wish you had a Benz cause you just helped your friends
Flag a taxi, now you walking not too far from your crib
Craving for an acid tablet for your satisfaction
Said you feeling flabbergasted, you just had to have it
Made your way to 7th Ave, flagged a yellow cab
Now you need an upper fast to help your mellow swag
Black kid, french braids and he keep the potent
Hold ya purse don't trust him cause his teeth is golden
Dice rolling reefer blowing in the streets he smoking
Blowing weed while police patrolling
Acid strips, purple drink you can have a sip
Have a fix of this acid drip

[Hook]
Hands on her thighs, kiss on the lips
Eye for an eye, drip for a drip
I get ya high, please don't forget
I can supply the fix for ya trip[Hook]
Ten gold chains, wood grain, propane
Sell the whole thang from the cellphone rang

[Intro]
I'm the dope mane, bitches sniffing cocaine
All my young niggas know that they could always
Call me, call me, call me always, always
(If you see me trouble, bitch)

[Verse 1]
They call me young drug dealer, they call me young thug nigga
24 karats my slugs glitter, 24 years old worth a couple million
Shouts out to my cuz niggas, finna let it fly for my blood niggas
Middle finger up to you fuck niggas, if you a trill nigga, then fuck with us
Nigga dash like a speed of a bullet
With a pistol on him prolly wouldn't even pull it
Heart made of pudding mean mugging with a hoodie like what's goodie
Trying to be the mothafucka that you couldn't knowing you
Down to let it fly when I shouldn't
All my young niggas they gon' rep it to the fullest
Tell a fuck nigga "be you," fuck tough be cool
All the young niggas in my crew, they down to let it fly

[Bridge]
For a nigga like me, young nigga like me (They let it fly)
For a nigga like me, jiggy young nigga like me
(Flex!)

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Niggas got rips in they jeans man I started that
Hood by air man I started that
Niggas claim they the God of black
Well your name is purple I'm the God of that
Gave you my back nigga pardon that
Fuck that shit I brought mobbing back
I brought robbin' back, I brought the Garden back
Motherfuck black land I brought Harlem back
Rolling in my Benzo, hoes on the curb a couple of friends
Rolling down my window, yo what's the word, fuck it get in
Ride round with these bimbos, she give head to my kin folk
Shout outs my connect though, keep a watch out for them Winslows
Cause the boys gon' creep, D-boys gon' serve
Hoes gone skeet and the V gone swerve
I'mma get by while the world gon' turn
I'mma get mine like you gon' get yours
Niggas do the least do when the piece got nerve
Niggas in the streets want heat, get burned
Tell a nigga "be you," fuck tough be cool
Couple young niggas down with my crew who be done and let it fly

[Bridge] + [Hook]I’m mad that my facial expressions was like that because I’m not homophobic at all, and that whole thing just came off real homophobic. I didn’t really notice it until I got home and saw it. I apologize to Jason for that, because people was laughing and shit, and you know… I really don’t think that’s funny. I saw they were making all the memes and pictures and making fun of him. There’s people out there that think I was doing that to be funny, and truthfully I got gay people in my family. I don’t give a fuck if you gay or you not, I just found it odd that MTV wanted to stand me next to this nigga when they are talking about gay people, that’s all. You know what I’m saying?Tracklist:
1. Holy Ghost (Ft. Joe Fox)
2. Canal St. (Ft. Bones)
3. Fine Whine (Ft.  Future, Joe Fox & M.I.A.)
4. L$D
5. Excuse Me
6. JD
7. Lord Pretty Flacko Jodye 2 (LPFJ2)
8. Electric Body (Ft. ScHoolBoy Q)
9. Jukebox Joints (Ft. Joe Fox & Kanye West)
10. Max B (Ft. Joe Fox)
11. Pharsyde (Ft. Joe Fox)
12. Wavybone (Ft. Juicy J & UGK)
13. Westside Highway (Ft. James Fauntleroy)
14. Better Things
15. M'$ (Ft. Lil Wayne)
16. Dreams (Interlude)
17. Everyday (Ft. Rod Stewart, Miguel & Mark Ronson)
18. Back Home (Ft. Mos Def, Acyde & A$AP Yams)

Album Cover:



Alternative Cover:Be sure to check out the tracklist and album art Evaluations From A$AP Rocky:ASAP Rocky Speaks On ASAP Yams' Contributions To "A.L.L.A."
A$AP Rocky Talks to VIBE About His 'ALLA' Album
Evaluations from other sources:
PitchforkConsequences Of SoundRollingStoneLos Angeles TimesBillboardComplexTelegraphMetacriticThe Needle DropDead End Hip HopSpectrum PulseBMOC TV[Hook]
Swish, I'm balling
I'm so awesome
Old bitch keep calling
She think I'm awesome
Jackboys wanna rob me
I'm so awesome
Out here like a possum
I'm so, I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome, I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome, I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome, I'm so awesome
I'm so fucking awesome, I'm so awesome

[Verse 1: Shy Glizzy]
Oh my fucking God, pull up in that, oh my gosh
You niggas so soft, get that arrow out your heart
You can be a boss or you can get a job
You do not go hard, you's a motherfucking fraud
Young Jefe, I got boats you can sail away
Broke boy, you are not my friend, you need to get away
Call up my driver tell him scoop me in his Escalate
Night Sunday, bet 1000 bucks on Tampa Bay
Got a lot of spots like a motherfucking cheetah
All we do is trap, my OGs still got beepers
Bad little kitty momma took my ass to jeepers
Tryna get a ticket like no money in the meter

[Hook]

[Verse 2: 2 Chainz]
Cell phone ringing tryna blank it
In D.C getting money, DMV one hundred
Hair hanging down to my stomach
And I'm making play like DeShaun
And I'm ballin' out like John Wall
I just brought me a pound of gas
I'mma smoke joints till it's all gone
Okay awwsome, in a Porsche eating lobster
2 chains on with crosses, lipstick stain on balls
I ain't with the losses, the process is nonsense
Whip, sit in all set, might give her the sausage
Me and Skooly walk, talk down to the car
Hit her with the dick, leave her with a beauty mark
She say we all the same, I say "bitch come hit this reefer"
She say that "I don't like them niggas", I say "I don't like 'em either"

[Hook]

[Verse 3: A$AP Rocky]
A$AP tatted on my belly like I'm Makaveli
That peanut butter product probably why they acting jelly
You actin' petty, packin' daily cause my chain heavy
Flaco be in D.C. like I'm Wayne Perry
I beat that, speak that awwsome
She wanna have a foursome
She know more friends so call some
Call them often for the moresome
Exhaust 'em, boss 'em, toss 'em
Loss 'em like abortion
Window shopping notion
Wasted times important
Problems with it cost 'em
All you boys fugazy, I got hoes for days
My rugged lookin' J's bout as stainless as my braids
But I'm paid, shout glizzy
DMV that's NYC, TX, LA we talk fly shit
Get off my dick if you don't like this
Cause I'm like

[Hook][Produced by Thelonious Martin, co-produced by DDot Omen & A$AP Rocky]

[Sample]
Gotta find my way back home, I've been away too long
Gotta find my way back home, I'm moving...

[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky]
War Lords, we all Lords, but we your Lords
Tryna find home, next stop is the Waldorf
Past the racism and fake-ism
Type of hate that make you feel worse than a rape victim, raw dogs
You other niggas mad soft, mad I rap my ass off
They throwin' mad salt, 'til I go bath salt
On wax, spitting heat to melt the wax off
I'm Mr. Miyagi in Issey Miyake
Asshole flow, fuck name brands, past logos
Now I'm onto grand raps, hands so low, uh
It's like my fashion style is the life saver
Guess she wasn't satisfied with titties that Christ gave her
Bragging that her new ass shots is a life changer
Head so good on that girl that I might pay her, or nah
Super laid back cat, opposite of fat black, Al Capone
Tell them lil' niggas Flacko home

[Hook]
Gotta find my way back home
I've been away too long
Gotta find my way back home
I've been away too long
Gotta find my way back home
I've been away too long
Gotta find my way back home
I've been away too long

[Verse 2: A$AP Rocky]
Father, Lord forgive me as I load up the semi
Roll through the city, that chose to resent me
Hold it, don't load it, reload it
On plenty, any foe or a -BEEP-
That ever voted against me, dissed me
Pissed me off then tried to hold it against me
Or wish we off the worst of luck that ever hated
Never hesitated, the designated all of the wrong that they did me
You stored in my memory all of the thoughts that I thought of
Means more from my enemies
Sippin' holy water like it's bore from my kidneys
Load the smoke like a chimney, make a toast for the memories
Make a toast for the henny, it's the best for the remedies
Energy, synergy, frienemies, industries
Finna get advantage on him and his nemesis
Bitches been sniffing
If I, if I ain't the greatest, bitch I'm one of em
How in the fuck could you front on em
My old ho beefing, my ex won't be friends
Bronson told me not to eat ham, rest in peace Yams

[Break: A$AP Rocky]
Rest in peace Yams, RIP A$AP Yamborghini
We gon' take it uptown one time
We gon' take em back home, show em how me do
They call me Pretty Flacko ladies and gentlemen
I'd like to introduce Pretty Flacko Sr
Yasiin Bey

[Verse 3: Yasiin Bey]
Magnum spectacular, black man megalas
Shine amethyst, fly champion, it's like that again
What's happening? Mathematics master blin'
Flacko season, all day, erryday
Ask me how it's going, I tell em on and on and on and on and
You led me out to Arizona
Steady flowing, staying golden
Sand cover, ready rover
Flacko glowing in that Owens, that's how it's going
Awareness to the areas, familiar with the routes
Travellin' man, moving through places, space and time
In a country called earth

[Outro: A$AP Yams]
Nah'mean, these tacky ass muh'fuckers be in the pictures. Wearing all types of mother fuckin' red and green stripes, over accessorizing out this mother fucker. We from Harlem, we gave y'all mother fucker this wave. Grab y'all surfboards, cause y'all got your boogy boards right now, fucker. Ya'll just gon' keep watching us at the beach show with your mother fuckin' khakis rolled up. With your chancletas in your hand and we just gon' keep surfing on this mother fucker. Straight up. It's ya' boy, A$AP Yams, Yamborghini. Yo Rock man, let these mother fuckers know what it is out this mother fucker. A$AP, bitch![Verse 1]
Back through the door, bag full of smoke
Sit back, relax and max with the hoes
Chat with my folks, laughin' at jokes
I’m hard to the core and she bad to the bone
Ask her to bone, chats on the phone
Her three friends with her just'a tagging along
As for the flow, back to the song
Flashbacks only bring me back to that thong
Cause we been getting, we’ve been getting high all week
Smoking, drinking, I’m her drug and she get high off me
Now I’m back to the store
Blunt wrapped, full of 'dro
Roll it back in that Backwood
Pass it and smoke
Want to get her high so I pass her the most
She want that bread and butter so I pass her the toast
That A$AP motto is "party, get high"
We back to the future
That Marty McFly

[Hook]
Sometimes I think about the past
Seems like the time is flying fast
So how my presence always last
The future’s always going back
La la la la la la la la la
Back to the future, that Marty McFly

[Verse 2]
Back through the door, back from the store
Back to the wall with my back to the wall
Rollin' up a blunt, passing it off
Ass on the floor, cash back on the floor
Mack with the broads, chat to the whores
"There go my niggas" dap to my dawgs
I prey on that pussy, chat with the Lord
Seem how it seems like I had it before
I think back, way back ran with my memories
We was getting high, sippin' on Hennessy
Now it's like lean
Thinkin' back seat
Way back riding on something clean, knamean
Twenty-tens
We don't do the teens now it's twenty-eleven
Let me know something take her back to my session
Back to the pad, now I’m back on that ass
Back to the future, back to the past

[Hook][Hook]
Said I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda
So my baby mama, don’t gotta push a stroller
I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda
I said said I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda
So my baby mama, don’t gotta push a stroller
I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda

[Verse 1: All Over Chief]
And I’m jip jogging, pedaling off the market
Cut sharper than a sharpie not a
Marker but regardless I’m
Chilling on the holly oh, 4 hundred degrees
Boiling on the stove, coming back to me, let’s go
Ain’t nothing in my kitchen
A little arm and hammer
A box of Reynold's wrap, playing call on …
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, let’s make some grands
Shake it in the pot, bring it back
Fast as you can
Said I’m cooking up the baking soda
I need some baking soda
Baby mama, feeling like Melanie Fiona
And she don’t wanna leave
But she gotta stay
Co drop at the top, yelling patty jay
Heat up the block, I make it radiate
Clear voice, gps, tryina navigate
Her baby daddy make, more than them other niggas
So what? So we can give a fuck about them other niggas

[Hook]
Said I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda
So my baby mama, don’t gotta push a stroller
I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda
I said said I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda
So my baby mama, don’t gotta push a stroller
I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda

[Verse 2: ASAP Rocky]
Hey, I said I whip it like roasted
Riding with a boss bitch
Skin color mocha, you can call it chocolate
Trim yellow Porsche is you can call it cautious
Go down …
Haters get coasted, you can call them noxious
5 pound, break it down, caking off the chocolate
Baking soda frost in, whipping off this all shit…
White girls hailin' at us, Daly like Carson
Chilling with some twins like the Olsens, is awesome
Looking at the watch and then they wonder what it costing?
Nigga I be flossing, tell me why I talk shit
Pushing groveers, never strobers, tell me why you walking?
Nigga what you talking, this bullshit is nonsense
It ain’t bout them money, then it’s way above the contents
And I whip it hard like I was born without a conscience
Whippin' it hard, whippin' it hard, in my baby mom's crib

[Hook]
Said I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda
So my baby mama, don’t gotta push a stroller
I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda
I said said I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda
So my baby mama, don’t gotta push a stroller
I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda

I’m living that life, and I’m so fly
Man I’m living that life
And I’m so fly
Man I’m living that life, life, life
And I’m so fly, fly, fly
That life, and I’m so fly

Bake me a cake as fast as you can
Roll it, pat it, mark with the beat
Put it in the oven for the baby and me

[Hook]
Said I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda
So my baby mama, don’t gotta push a stroller
I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda
I said said I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda
So my baby mama, don’t gotta push a stroller
I’m whipping up the baking soda
Whipping up the baking soda[Intro]

[Verse 1]
These other niggas so-so, they open off my mojo
Spanish Sophie with a half a kilo by her cho-cho
Blow it out your culo, who got dough on the smoke though
My partner had cinco now we blowin' on that ocho
Bozos love my rose gold, purple got me slow-mo
Stuntin' like I'm Dorothy but my rubies in my gold though
What you think this four for, these niggas must be loco
Steppin' on these bricks and for your fix so call me Toto
Follow me, follow me, follow me now

[Verse 2]
Now I'mma come through getting down
Got a new Cadillac with a diamond in the back
Got a bitch and she bad with about a hundred tats
Got my goons on deck, and we got a hundred straps
What you know about that, got me swaggin' to the max
Everybody know we got the shit and baggages to match
Better come correct, fuck what the basis is
Gold grills like a set of new braces's

[Verse 3]
Why they comment on my set though, they lookin' cause my neck gold
And I let that Tec show... hear that echo?
Let go, that medal, .38 special, to your threshold
Niggas actin' petro, like they sexual, was metro
Bunch of bad bitches fuckin' out on tour
Like it through the backdoor, give it to her raw
Shimmy shimmy ya: ODB, ODB
Fuckin' other niggas broads: OPP, OPP

[Verse 4]
Comin' down stuntin' like a bitch, bitches on my dick
On the set and they like the nicotine to cigarette
How they fiending for a nigga got these hoes up on my sack
Got my niggas in the back, couple bitches in the bed
ASAP where it's at, where that weed, how that cake
Bitches all up in my face, back back, give me space
Cas you know how we do it, niggas scream ASAP
Aye Clams nigga, tell me where that bass at?

[Outro]
Bass, uhh!![Intro: Meech]
Ah, it's a plane, it's a bird, it's a zombie, hahaha

[Verse 1: Meech]
The highest high, I'm Ayatollah
Rubber on my dick, allergic to baby strollers
Blue dream, that amazing odor
Ant is a Pyrex, I'm the coke and the baking soda
Juice be the blue flame that create the whole thing
Rap game, crack game, apparently the same thing
If this was eighty-something, I'd be in shell toes
Gucci-link fat rings, ashy ass elbows
Saving every penny trying to get up out this hellhole
For my super thugs, hustling up off the jail phone
Life's a battle, fool, you better have your weapon drawn
How could I be scared of death, bitch, I'm already gone
Money on my mind, your bitch on my zipper
Breaking up pound after pound, THC on every finger
You gon' need a boost from God to get as high as me, nigga
Excuse me, I meant to say as high as we, nigga

[Bridge x2: Meech]
Flatbush Zombie, A$AP Mobbing
Hit a killswitch and put an end to any problem

[Verse 2: Juice]
Hash and weed, hash in a bong
Got weed by the ton, got blow by the load
If you wanna get throwed, A$AP Ant got the potion
Three fly ass bitches with we
Double-cupped them double Ds
Hi-high nigga, hi-high living
Three young ass niggas running shit, no slipping
Gotta know the game, gotta know the lane
Gotta know the pain, no handouts, ain't shit easy
Dark shades on my Eazy-E, got bitches on my mini-me
And you niggas in the rap game, can't relate
I'm real pimping, no fornicating
Fuck what you heard, I'm going ape
Smoking Grape Ape, fuck your mixtape
That's a weed plate, Zombie-style
A$AP, never mind these clowns
I love brain, Zombie-style, never mind these clouds

[Interlude: A$AP Ant]
Juice, pass me the weed, Meech, where the acid at?
A$AP Ant in this bitch, uh

[Verse 3: A$AP Ant]
I'm a demon, triple-beaming, painting pictures
Raping Mona Lisa, blood sheets, creeping for the panties
With the collar dannys, killing bitches, sniffing panties
Willy Wonka candy semen, three niggas, one bitch, one clip
One brain-dead girl off your mind, leave your brains on your moms
Razor blades dipped in bleach, tear your skin to pieces
Dump the body in Tennessee, highway getaway, OJ bronco
Cap it, baby, drive 'em off the bridge, look into my eyes, vivid tears
I see fear, y'all some fucking queers
Grow a fucking pair, I'm 'posed to be here
'Posed to be dead, overdosed on shrooms
Let's cruise, drive by on-site
Ride like a bike, for my Zombie homies kill tonight

[Bridge x2: Meech]

[Verse 4: A$AP Rocky]
A$AP niggas, we aliens, cold-blooded nigga, reptilian
Acid, acid, Ambiens, only fuck a bitch if she lesbian
Trill niggas run the city, got the key on lock
Juice got the juice, nigga Meech gon' pop
Addie in the Caddy with the heat on cock
When a Mac go brrra cause the beef don't stop, nigga
My name is that pretty motherfucker
From the land of the lost of the gully and the gutta
See the Preds made a toast for the honey and the butter
Only die for two things, that's my money and my mother, motherfucker
Niggas know my name, did I stutter?
Niggas know me, man, I keep it one hunna
I'm a stunna, Hood by Air for the summer
Toast to the God and it cost nine hunna
So-so ru-run up if you wanna
Mac in the backpack, right by the Macbook
And I rep that Harlem
And my Zombie niggas straight out of Flatbush[Intro]
Asap, ch-ching, and this is for my niggas, high
Who be fucking with them bitches for real, wha?

[Hook: Chase N. Cashe]
I say fuck 'em dog, fuck 'em dog, cause I don’t need 'em
I say fuck 'em dog, fuck 'em dog, that’s how I treat 'em
I just fuck 'em all, fuck 'em all and then I leave 'em
I’m a fucking dog, fucking dog, she know I’m beastin'
I say

[Verse 1: Chase N. Cashe]
They love the shit they like it, when it’s nasty they excited
Get possessed by my spirit and they ain’t tryna fight it
Leave these scratches on my back, my neck they love to bite it
On top they love to ride it, go dumb when I’m inside it
I throw thousands on that mattress, then drown them in my passion
Converse about some action, then I make them mount on me backwards
Mo scream, shout please, everything must happen
Mo please, mo please, cause she just gon keep asking, what?
Girl do it like you tryna get a fucking ring
See this your chance to be the queen, come and fuck the king
See this the chance to live your dreams, come and fuck with me
Fantasy lifestyle, give it to you right now
I can give you what you want, every time I see you
And I can give you what you need every time I see you
And make it feel like we in love every time I see you
But you know that I gotta leave and you know the reason

[Hook] x2

[Verse 2: A$AP Rocky]
I’m a motherfucking dog, a motherfucking beast
Ok that’s your broad, well keep that bitch up on a leash
I tell that bitch to wipe her paws, when she get up in my sheets
Keep that bitch on all fours, she deserve a doggy treat
I’m a motherfucking dog, a motherfucking beast
Skeet, skeet, she a motherfucking freak
I don’t even play for keeps, I exchange her in a week
I return her like my jeans, I told him motherfuck receipts
Tell her pop that pussy like trill ho, money, money, money, I kill for
Move them squeeze no feel though, she can fiend dancing no heel toe
Her boy toy, no dildo, good brain but she still slow
She a bimbo, now my 10 4, get it triller but it’s only on the real though
I can give you what you want, every time I see you
And I can get you what you need every time I see you
And make it feel like we in love every time I see you
But you know that I gotta leave and you know the reason

[Hook] x2