[Snoop Dogg]
Man don't you know that I'm loco

Uh-huh, hmm... I was chillin, right around my way (way!)
21st eastside of the Beach
This motherfucker ran up on me
Talkin shit with his homies like he was a straight.. G
Askin where I'm from while he runnin up
Gangbang, my set on e'ry one of 'em (true)
Some things, sons they just won't change
Fools don't respect nuttin but the gangbang (bang!)
What's seen is what's saw, Dogg is the law
I have you niggas runnin like a marathon
Little G's tryna creep, on the East with it
Talkin 'bout they gon' get my chain and they gon' leave with it (nmm hmm!)
But they don't know once they get close
It's Tic-Tac Toe, three motherfuckers laid on the floor (watch out!)
Yeah, this happened yesterday
On the West they spray - I heard the ese say, he said...

[Hook: B-Real] + (Snoop Dogg)
Vato, you won't believe what I saw
I saw these pack of guys and they act real hard (and what they do?)
They twist the fingers and said, "You know who we are"
He said, "I don't give a fuck, I'm Snoop Doggy Dogg" (uh huh!)
They keep buckin and it went too far
So Snoopy, he went straight to the trunk of his car (and what he get?)
He got his gun and they start runnin' hard
He started firing and then he just charged

[Break 2X: Snoop Dogg]
(BLAOWW!) Run nigga, run nigga!
(BLAOWW!) Duck nigga, duck nigga!
(BLAOWW!) Run, motherfucker run!
(BLAOWW!) Run, motherfucker run!

[Snoop Dogg]
I didn't mean to hit what I hit
Now that's three motherfuckers dead now I ain't seen shit
But these niggas'll scream for plea
But for a G like me, it's just a case really you could see
I crack the Mac back and pop off rollin
And smack ya neck back, ya drop off, fallin
I haven't seen my momma in a week
And she ain't even ran her mouth about me
Fuck that, I ain't give a fuck about the law
Niggas say they wanna brawl, you would think that they were brawlers
Believing all the things that you never saw
In it y'all, been a Dogg, smoke you like a Menthol
You think you know? But this can't go
You think you'll blow? On my door? What the fuck yo!
See these niggas proceed to speed
So fulfill the need to leave or you'll hear my enemies goin...

[Hook] + [Break]

[Snoop Dogg]
I wouldn't be the nigga that I am
If I didn't pop niggas in their mouth God... damn!
And Snoop'll keep one foot on the streets
And leave 'em covered in sheets, run with them niggas with the heat
You never seen a thug like dis
You never seen a dub like me
And I ain't weak for wanting peace
In fact I could be "Beast of the East" motherfucker!
I never hesitate to blaze (blaze!)
A nigga really tryna change his ways
We gotta move my team, cause my peoples
Is screaming that we need more for fun or it's illegal
Put the bang on the song, make it feel like a drive-by (drive-by!)
It's a shame but somebody's gotta die (die!)
They see it happens state-to-state
But when I'm mobbin L.A., all I hear the ese's say - they go...

[Hook] + [Break]

[Snoop Dogg and Pharrell]
Snoop Dogg, him bust gunshots
Skateboard P, they say him bust gunshots
DPG, them bust gunshots
BBC, you know them bust gunshots (come again, now!)
Snoop Dogg, him bust gunshots
Skateboard P, you know him bust gunshots (come again, now!)
BBC, them bust gunshots
DPGC, you know them bust gunshots (come again, now!)

[A girl speaking]
I'm tired of hearin all that bullshit
When you gon' play some of that good shit... damn
I mean give me some like a...[Hook (x6): A$AP Ferg]
Get the fuck out my mothafuckin' face

[Verse 1: B-Real]
Who's Dr. Greenthumb, anybody seen him
Not another white bitch, time for a re-run
Need some green sum, seen some homie
Send you a ton but I keep some homie
King of Queen, the kind you blaze
Whole team on lean on Pisa sway
I'm ghetto and the pump got a critter all splattered
Have another hit but I want to hit the shatter
Dabbing all night really got me faded
Take a hit of my shit feel upgraded
Twist that shit like your weave got braided
Chilling in the palm trees feeling real shaded
Pass that shit like a deadly virus
She want to hit, that's Miley Cyrus
Hit it so hard, my god, she likes this
Change that chick's name to Miley Cypress

[Verse 2: A$AP Ferg]
A$AP Ferg, A$AP mobbin'
Bitches on my ball sack wanna nigga martian
And a Miss America, picking any target
Bitch give me long neck like an ostrich
Aston Matthews in an Aston Marton, driving retarded
Sipping on that Crissy cause a nigga really ballin'
Headed to the telly with a bunch of Kelly Clarksons
They love that I'm from Harlem, they love to see a broad
And another broad and kiss and massage 'em
Give them booty shots might Nicki Minaj 'em
Dont let 'em get me hard then
Tell they friend give me jaws like a shark fin
You'll play Halle Berry in Monster Ball and
I'll be Trap Lord Billy Bob Thornton

[Verse 3: A$ton Matthews]
Oh, shit, who let these Hulk Hogan hoes in with nose and chest open
That water hose got us sipping, that Molly maid got us dripping
I get that A$AP, A$AP, take naps from the K clap, I'll bring it
Where you lay at, gang colder than face off, you don't want to face that
Got these hoes dripping out the four socks, 44's get the 4's off
Four boats so the hoes drop, that rose gold keep it don't stop
Haaan, molly party, molly party, them bitches know
It's a molly party, dodging cases cause I'm dropping bodies
#1 Stunna, Camoflage Hummer, nose job had to paint white for the summer
I'm a hit stick drummer, heavy weight Triple H Hall of Fame head hunter
Minivan gram Van Dam hand in hand in the Trans-Am
Choppas are test tap dance, Hammer time Ham dance, put that pussy on a hand stand

[Hook (x4): A$ton Matthews]

[Verse 4: Fredro Starr & (Sticky Fingaz)]
Better get the fuck out my face with all that
Or get a broken beat down with a baseball bat
Ferg said call a nigga A$AP back
Oh, just looking for his baseball bat
I'm a thug with a baseball cap
Got a bad bitch slim waist from the back
Ass ain't fat but her face all that
Oh, she like to fuck in my baseball cap
(I'm a CB-GB, Crazy Baldhead Grimy Bastard)
(You a BG-GB: Bitch that's Gonna Get Blasted)
(So don't set trip cause I love to trip, my niggas trip, acid)
(I don't give a fuck if it's fake or real, those titties coulda been plastic)
Official Nast' my gangs official
Mad faced niggas with anger issues
Hundred mad niggas got a gang of pistols, blaow
Now how the fuck can a stranger miss you
(My whole set ganged up, play yourself get ya banged up)
(Suicide you get hanged up, she done fuck the crew she got ganged up)

[Outro: Fredro Starr & (Sticky Fingaz)]
Get the fuck out my mothafuckin' face
I'll pull the heat out my mothafuckin' waist
(Get the fuck out my mothafuckin' face)
(I'll pull the strap out my mothafuckin' waist)[Intro: B-Real]
Yeah, homie
I thought we told we been fucking loco
Cypress Hill, D12, bitch!

[Hook: B-Real]
I'm a little bit off the chain, call me insane
But the fact remains that I'm a psycho
Better get it through your brain
When you say my name, never say it in vain, cause I'm a psycho

[Verse 1: Swift]
I'm a motherfucking omen, I bow down to no man
Split a nigga open, killing folks compulsive
A soldier with a motive, scrotum big as boulders
I hold 'em then unload on you, put it on a poster
So everyone can notice who was focused on us
Poking they nose in our business, hoping that I don't come smoke 'em
No one knows my notions or emotions, I'm a vulture
You niggas close to croaking any moment and I know when
I could fuck the culture up, probably rap
A maniac with anxiety attacks, I don't wanna chat
Speak when you spoken to and I don't have to read a fucking
Magazine or quotable to notice what you hoes will do

[Verse 2: Kuniva]
We all soldiers, we move as a unit, we all roll up
And show up at your residence, light your front door up
Get scared, life ain't fair
And I'm prepared to blast you just as fast as Dre can say "Hell yeah!"
So watch what you say cause it can happen either today or the next minute
I can draw the heater and spray and I'm dead serious
You could be dead period, end of story
I'm on your porch with a gun and your son, sipping a forty
Nobody can hold me, I does it all by my lonely
I stomp your head when you awake, you be looking like Gumby
Aftermath and Shady, bitch, you can read it and weep
You see my poster in the 'hood for "the G of the Week"

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Bizarre]
They found Saddam, but they ain't gon' find me
I'll be under a tree in Buttfuck, Tennessee
And I don't know too much about my daddy
Except he spit in my face and fucked me in my fanny
I ain't a racist, I just hate whites
Fags and dykes, blacks and transvestites
Thirteen years old and joined a fucking gang
Hair under my ass cheeks feeling the fucking pain
Am I insane? Who really knows?
Cause any second my temper can fucking blow
I get colder than December
Black the fuck out, tomorrow won't even remember
See Bizarre can show you what violence is all about
And this Dr. Dre beat done brought it the fuck out
Run in your house and put a gun in your mouth
And blow your brains the fuck out!

[Verse 4: Eminem]
I probably got a screw loose or two, or maybe three or four of 'em
Some fell out and hit the floor
All I know is ever since my fucking head hit the snowbank
I been a little neanderthalish, no thanks to my man D'Angelo Bailey
But I just take it slow daily, my biggest dilemma's
Trying to figure whether to use the flat head or the Phillips
Or just go to the Home Depot and pick the new power drill up
It's been two hours and six days and I'm still up
I feel like I'm about to snap any minute
There's a new Tower Records about to stop and get a fill-up
Pick the new Cypress Hill up
And go find who did that shit to Xzibit
And go fill up a whole liquor bottle with piss
And shatter his fucking lips with it

[Hook]

[Outro: Kuniva]
Karnail Pitts a.k.a. Bugz
Rest in peace, homie[Coolio]
Greeting, earthlings
We have now taken over your radio

[B-Real]
Going straight to the hole
You ain't got no game
I'm breaking ya out the frame
Coming through like a train
Looking to take over the whole world is my goal
With my unstoppable crew taking all control
You can't get none of this, we're running this
Well taker, earth shaker, 3 point gunning this
Get out the lane, I'm coming through
And if you don't wanna move then I'm coming right through you

[Coolio]
It's like inch by inch and step by step
I'm closing in on your position and destruction is my mission
Though eight is not enough, your whole squad better duck
It's like switch when I bust
Now your whole crew is dust
Coming through my area, I'mma have to bury ya
The real scream team on your scream scene
It's like showdown on the range
Go tell me who wanna tangle with the
Ghetto witch-doctor neighborhood superhero?

Chorus:
[B-Real]
We want it all (want it all!)
Unstoppable, we run the floor (run the floor!)
You can't take none of this hardcore (hardcore!)
In the game we take you to war (war!)
You ain't seen nothing like this before
[All]
If I hit 'em high, hit 'em high, hit 'em high
And you hit 'em low, hit 'em low, hit 'em low
If I hit 'em high, hit 'em high, hit 'em high
And you hit 'em low, hit 'em low, hit 'em low

[Method Man]
Insane like a runaway train I'm in your lane
Like it's only 3 seconds to score to win the game
Came to bring the ultimate pain upon the brain
Untamed, you won't like it when I change
And you are type strange
Megalomaniacal monster in the game
And I got my eye on you
Deadshot aim, as free throws keep coming down like rain
You feeling me, I'm feeling you
The Monstar again, I'm telling you
Pass me the rock, now I'm headed to the basket
Get up out my way is what you better do
My tactics is unsportsmanlike conduct
You better ask it
Don't get no better than this, you catch my drift?
You get stripped by ballhandlers ruled by Swackhammer
Danger, you're dealing with offical hoop-bangers
With hang time like a coat hanger
Jump, with thunderous 360-degree type dunks
What up doc? The Monstar funk

[LL Cool J]
Lightning strikes and the court lights get dim
Supreme competition is about to begin
Above the rim, finessing and moves is animated
Once I get to balling, I can't be deflated
I'm rugged raw, my Monstars is getting money
When clicks get to bugging, I'm snatching up their bunnies (Uhh!)
Every step I take shakes the ground
I'll make you break your ankles, son, shakes you down
This is my planet, I'm bout business
The best that ever done it, can I get a witness? (Uhhh!)
Cumulus clouds bring darkness up above
You in it for the money?
Or in it for the love, M.J.?
23 ways to make a pay
Lounging in the mothership back around my way (Uhh!)
I'm 28 light years old
If the refs get political, dribble like Bob Dole
Am I getting lyrical?
Daddy, I think so
Monstar dropping flavor fluid so drink slow

[Hook]

[Busta Rhymes]
Yo, God bless!!
Pick up your chest
Here's an example of how I can stress your full court press
With finesse, I bench-press your stress whenever you test
We're speed balling, on the fastbreak just like the pony express
I'm gonna mingle in your face and take the lid off
Just use your head and forfeit the game
You and your team just need to back off!!
Get off my block, gimmie the ball, I said it's my rock!!
I'm starting a line-up by getting y'all to bring the livestock
Throw all your money in the pot
And make sure you bet all your money on my bank shot
When we come right through tell me what you really gonna do?
We'll leave your team name in shame and take your talent from you
While you abandon your ship, we take your championship
With nothing left for you to see except the instant replay clip
Money spending, goal tending, stay-bending teams like crash cars
Who do they be?
They be the Monstars!

[Hook][Verse 1: André 3000]
Hello lord, it's me again, I just wanna make love to the whole globe
And all her girlfriends now don't that make ya mind move
Like smoke patterns, me on my way to Saturn wit a bomb
Nam-viet, Viet or Saudi Shawty
I figure before the first gun blast, they know who gon' win
Now won't that make us all fools like class clowns
Praying Private Ryan comes round
Sound travels at one thousand, one thirty, feet per second
Niggas in the street they want it, hurry
When niggas start biting that's when 3000 starts to worry
A little knowledge from the college of wizard Ray Murray
Answer quick do you know what desire is? "Huh?"
Apparently not that's why you get what you got
Now answer this do you know what fire is? "Yeah"
The body of hot, the motivator of pots
Snot, spit, shit are characteristics of release
Ask your niece or nephew, you think we left you
What the future holds in its sweaty palms
Thank I'm finna vom? Ya move it like ya mean it she'll cum
Prom night might excite a down right fight like
White blood cell to the common cold rebel
Night gets jealous of day play is no longer
The feelin gets stronger than Ammonia sticks inhale

[Hook: B-Real]
We just can't be amazed
Even if you pull the pin from your hand grenade (repeat 3X)
And we some home-made bombs
Finna blow right up in your face

[Verse 2: B-Real]
Look at the way you look at me I see it on your face
All your hate emanates but you still hesitate
Cause you want inside of my head but don't know how
To brainwash me to be a commercial clown
Fuck that I see the way you were, see the way you smirk I'm catching you
Where you work
God only knows all the trouble that grows
Deep beneath my soul dealing with you assholes
Can I blast those who point the finger at me
Who criticize and talk shit so freely
Fuck XXL you're a size too small
I should hire Eminem so we can Kill You all
Whether you live to talk shit about the Real
Then kiss my ass in person how much you love the Hill
I'm the outcast coming to blaze the grass
Outlaw due to my life that's come to pass
Dre, pass me the glass of wine
So I can pour it over my homies grave and mine
For all those who fallen and answered when God was calling
Jump into my ragtop and get all in
I'm the bomb, planted in your car why you frozen
Pop the tape in ignite the xplosion
The world is mine, the world is yours, the world is ours
The world is lost, the world is tossed

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
With a one-two punch, B-Real and Andre dropped they verses
Your homeboy Daddy Fat Sax playin clean-up so it worsens
People and persons on the opposite teams oh, yes its curtains
No bullets burpin' oh just lyrically twerking
Making a statement, when you freestyle and your mind is in a free state
Is kinda hard to execute when you ain't feeling it that day
Jumpin the gun and rushing your flow
Babbling on the mikie like auctioneer, got the public's ears
Fucked up can't hear, Atlanta, Georgia where y'all at?
OutKast this Dirty South to death the Dungeon Family Camp
Got this thang licked like stamps and nine-volt battery end caps
Making that music that make your neck hurt
And the beats that bother your back in my Cadillac
Six woofers and four amps, lo pro vogues on swole
With the carriage lamps diamond tucked velour pistol in my lap
Come in peace but then xplode like booty traps[Intro: Eminem]
WAAAAHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOO!!! {*laughs*}
Guess who's back?!?!
Mommy! We're home!!
Say hello to my little friends
DJ Muggs, Soul Assassins, Cypress Hill
Everybody! Put your hands where my eyes can see!!!

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Everywhere we go people know that we roll deep as fuck
Fourty fifty Samoans, they knowing when D-Bo was
50, Tweezy, Obie there won't be no ho in us
They pop shit like they gon do shit but no one does
From New York down to Texas, back up to Los Angeles
We've changed the way we move so man up if you can't adjust
You may end up getting rushed by too many to handle us
It's funny, I guess money does have its advantages
And it isn't that we just think that we can't be touched
It's not like we're just feeling ourselves that much
It's just, that if someone ever does put us in the clutch
We just know that y'all ain't gon be the one who's gon do it
Cause first of all you're pussy and everybody can see that
You fuck around, get caught in a spot that you shouldn't be at
That you got no business being in, we ain't even gon be in it
No one's gunna hear nothing, no one's gunna see this shit
And they'll be in and up out of it, them boys is bout it, bout it
The noise from clips and rounds be drowned out by the crowd
And you'll be laying on the ground getting trampled by people dancing
Till the club closes, and clears out
And that's when they see you flatened
Nobody saw it happen, all cause your jaws are flapping
And you couldn't stop yapping and took it past rapping
It ain't about the music no more, it's bout trying to show off
And it feels like any minute the bomb is bout to go off

[Hook: Eminem]
About to change, cause we ain't playing no games
We ain't budging neither are they, we ain't saying no names
Shit just ain't the same, when the Aks gettin' sprayed cause
Hip-hop is in a state of 911
It ain't about hip-hop, cause those days are gone
It ain't about trying rip shots, to get props no more
It's about trying not to get popped, and get dropped to the floor
Cause hip-hop is in a state of 911

[Verse 2: B-Real]
Step off my holster cause shit it's getting serious
All theses drugs you be fucking with make you delirious
Thinking you coming with heat, yo son, I'm curious
How long are you gunna hate us and judge us and jury us?
Some people can never fade us, that make us so furious
Mistake us for fakers, homie we greater and glorious
We living for real and others just making the stories up
Illusions are broken, so live it up, you corny fucks
If you take a fucking minute to think about what you've done
When you stood against a gangsta who live and die by the gun
Got a hot one, spraying you bitches til there is none
I'm like a rolling stone homie, I got you under my thumb
Silly little bitches can end up right up in ditches
We cut you and give you stitches, for envy and all my riches
Your game's just like a midget, you're clocking a small digit
Dealing with the Giant Goliath, people that's how we live it, c'mon

[Hook]

Verse 3: [Ganxsta Ridd]
Uh, gangsta Ganxsta who come to pay you a visit
On this shit you call hip-hop, this function is where did it
When I - put it in motion, my focus is getting branded
My appetite for destruction is blasted because I said it
Got you - stumbling for cover, this music dying in numbers
But you wouldn't pause and wonder, admitting it's all glamour
When you - enter the business you thinking you running shit
You witness that funny shit, your bitches they ain't shit!
We gangstas we blast first, ask questions later
All these - imitators parading like they some playas
Trying to - save hip-hop the task is something greater
Cause we old fashioned coded with loyalty motivaters
Get caught, I'm not telling, or more like killing not caring
I'm riding a - gangsta feeling, no fearing when gangstas dying
I'm in a - full circle with homies that's supposed to bleed
On an 8 Mile mission with Cypress and O.G.'s

[Hook][Verse 1: Ill Bill]
Fuck Tony Montana, we kill kids, if he did he’d still be alive
Al Pacino fucked up twice
I’m a vet but Benny Blanco ain’t taking my life
I'mma end up on the beach with my seed in my wife
One last hustle, last hoorah, move this last bundle
I caught bodies out here, homie, y’all can’t fumble
Most of my felonies are legendary
That’s why I put most of my enemies in cemeteries
I seen visions from beyond the grave burning in Hell
Screaming in pain to God begging to be saved
This is purgatory, another first degree murder story
They took my kindness for a weakness and turned it on me
That’s when I blacked out, pulling triggers like I was cracked out
Eyes bugging out my head tapped out
Schized the fuck out, loced out, coked out
Shinied up, left you soaked the fuck up and smoked out

[Verse 2: Everlast]
Fuck a motherless child from a penniless home
I’m a heartless lion with an iron-jaw bone
I’m no Al Capone or Corleone
But I’ve been known to put a hit out on the microphone
Fuck your time zone, fuck your area code
I’ll detonate my payload and watch it explode
It’s a gangster boogie, it’s a soldier’s hustle
Little bank take big bank if it got muscle
Drugs, money, sex, revolution is next
This ain’t strong-armed robbery, we got a small armory
Fuck cracks and Glocks, we shooting back at the cops
Deep undercover like we running black ops
Battle cry singing, you’re on my dick swinging
Ain’t nobody fucking with this drama I’m bringing
Some men are king and some men are peasants
So come kiss the ring, bow down to the king

[Verse 3: Sick Jacken]
I’m from the double S till I drop
I rep the bubble vest with a Glock
My trouble stem from all the death on my block
The meth and the rock got zombie armies set to pop
Jail cells are funeral plots, they’re stressed in a box
Sick Side harmony is like Jews and Arabs in bombing sprees
My hood’s the Gaza Strip, this raw shit’s a part of me
A cult following martyrs me, street life is haunting me constantly
Thinking cops with the friction are trying to slaughter me
A killer’s lottery is roulette, not on himself
That’s when Russians test the Mexicans and see who’s next
Hit the block and you’ll catch two Techs
Nevermind where you’re from, we’re reacting cause we preview death
Drive-by murder hit with a live burner
You try to shake a barrel to buck, it’s not heard of
You are not everlasting, get slain by Ill Bill
One lethal dose of pain and get left on the hill

[Verse 4: B-Real]
There’s so many ways to hustle man, I got em all locked
If you think about touching mine, the hammer’s on cocked
Got my mind on my money and my money on my mind
We never stop the hustle, get the paper and fly
That’s life in the city, shit is gritty, no it ain’t pretty
But we on the grind, homie if you ain’t rolling with me
When you against you just an enemy that might be a cancer
So then we’re searching to remove your ass, ain’t taking no chances
In the darkest places ones with the unknown faces
Cause fire places in hearts of the rebels you hating
You better take a look and recognise the monster created
I think we gotta choke em, we just elevated to hatred
What you know about survival? Ever struggle to eat?
What you know about the poverty? Ever live on the street?
When there ain’t no opportunity trying to make ends meet
Then you become what they fear but they fear the elite

[Verse 5: Slaine]
Yeah, I’m a DMS soldier, EMS hold ya
Now you’re knocked the fuck out, you need a rest, I told ya
Homie you don’t walk with a lean on my shoulder
Scheming on your dollar, fiending for a boulder
Blue-eyed devil spilling semen on your culture
Who am I to revel? What I’m being is a vulture
On both coasts with the toast to roast you
My soul’s so close to approaching hopeless
Flows so dope I do coke to focus
The angel with the dust so the smoke is smoking
You loathe how I roll, it was so ferocious
I know this, I always had a prose composure
Let the curtains close cause your shows is over
They’ll be no more of you posers posing
It’s raw uncut with a weapon to shoot
I’m the truth for the youth when I step in the booth, what![Intro: Eminem]
WAAAAHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOO!!! {*laughs*}
Guess who's back?!?!
Mommy! We're home!!
Say hello to my little friends
DJ Muggs, Soul Assassins, Cypress Hill
Everybody! Put your hands where my eyes can see!!!

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Everywhere we go people know that we roll deep as fuck
Fourty fifty Samoans, they knowing when D-Bo was
50, Tweezy, Obie there won't be no ho in us
They pop shit like they gon do shit but no one does
From New York down to Texas, back up to Los Angeles
We've changed the way we move so man up if you can't adjust
You may end up getting rushed by too many to handle us
It's funny, I guess money does have its advantages
And it isn't that we just think that we can't be touched
It's not like we're just feeling ourselves that much
It's just, that if someone ever does put us in the clutch
We just know that y'all ain't gon be the one who's gon do it
Cause first of all you're pussy and everybody can see that
You fuck around, get caught in a spot that you shouldn't be at
That you got no business being in, we ain't even gon be in it
No one's gunna hear nothing, no one's gunna see this shit
And they'll be in and up out of it, them boys is bout it, bout it
The noise from clips and rounds be drowned out by the crowd
And you'll be laying on the ground getting trampled by people dancing
Till the club closes, and clears out
And that's when they see you flatened
Nobody saw it happen, all cause your jaws are flapping
And you couldn't stop yapping and took it past rapping
It ain't about the music no more, it's bout trying to show off
And it feels like any minute the bomb is bout to go off

[Hook: Eminem]
About to change, cause we ain't playing no games
We ain't budging neither are they, we ain't saying no names
Shit just ain't the same, when the Aks gettin' sprayed cause
Hip-hop is in a state of 911
It ain't about hip-hop, cause those days are gone
It ain't about trying rip shots, to get props no more
It's about trying not to get popped, and get dropped to the floor
Cause hip-hop is in a state of 911

[Verse 2: B-Real]
Step off my holster cause shit it's getting serious
All theses drugs you be fucking with make you delirious
Thinking you coming with heat, yo son, I'm curious
How long are you gunna hate us and judge us and jury us?
Some people can never fade us, that make us so furious
Mistake us for fakers, homie we greater and glorious
We living for real and others just making the stories up
Illusions are broken, so live it up, you corny fucks
If you take a fucking minute to think about what you've done
When you stood against a gangsta who live and die by the gun
Got a hot one, spraying you bitches til there is none
I'm like a rolling stone homie, I got you under my thumb
Silly little bitches can end up right up in ditches
We cut you and give you stitches, for envy and all my riches
Your game's just like a midget, you're clocking a small digit
Dealing with the Giant Goliath, people that's how we live it, c'mon

[Hook]

Verse 3: [Ganxsta Ridd]
Uh, gangsta Ganxsta who come to pay you a visit
On this shit you call hip-hop, this function is where did it
When I - put it in motion, my focus is getting branded
My appetite for destruction is blasted because I said it
Got you - stumbling for cover, this music dying in numbers
But you wouldn't pause and wonder, admitting it's all glamour
When you - enter the business you thinking you running shit
You witness that funny shit, your bitches they ain't shit!
We gangstas we blast first, ask questions later
All these - imitators parading like they some playas
Trying to - save hip-hop the task is something greater
Cause we old fashioned coded with loyalty motivaters
Get caught, I'm not telling, or more like killing not caring
I'm riding a - gangsta feeling, no fearing when gangstas dying
I'm in a - full circle with homies that's supposed to bleed
On an 8 Mile mission with Cypress and O.G.'s

[Hook]"We'll shut this motherfucker DOWN!" (2X)

[B-Real]
Yo, this is B-Real from Cypress Hill
Kickin it with the motherfuckin Lench Mob
Showin yo' ass, that you ain't got no class

[J-Dee]
Everytime I see you (whassup) you always on a mission
You're up too early in the mornin to go fishin
Wishin you can catch you somebody slippin
So you can sell his shit, and go get you a hit
When you need to be at home with your god damn children
That's why your landlord wants you out the buildin
Cause you haven't paid your rent in six months
You got rats and roaches and your kids've got the mumps
Cause you like to spend your checks on bumps
I saw your little boys eatin oatmeal lumps
My oh my, I wish you was my father
Cause I'd take your ass out and wouldn't even bother
Tellin them I did it - yeah fool I did it
Pops kept smokin so I had to end that bullshit
This ain't a story bout a kid from a broken home
It's all about a son, who father that was gone
So if you're out there and you're lookin for a blast
I'mma blast cause you ain't got no class

Chorus: B-Real

Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack)
Ain't got no class.. (Stuck-y-Mack)
Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack)
Ain't got no class.. (Stuck-y-Mack)

[J-Dee]
In my neighborhood, there's a girl named Sonya
For a hit and some (??) you're guaranteed to bone her
The funky-ass aroma, comin from her crouch
I see why +Mama Said Knock You Out+
Now this is a shame, to seen a girl look this way
I been everywhere, ain't it only in, L.A
Not only do I see 'em, I always try to greet 'em
I say do you have some kids? (Hell yeah!) Feed 'em
Cause I remember one thing that Mom Duke told me
"Never let a motherfuckin kid be, hongry"
Went into my pockets, and got a twenty dollar bill
I said, "Go buy your motherfuckin kids a Happy Meal"
And followed her to Mickey D's and made sure she bought the shit
And if she wouldn'ta man I swear to God I woulda hurt the bitch
Threw her ass in the ditch where the crackhead at
Cause the bitch, ain't got no class

Chorus: B-Real

Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack)
Ain't got no class.. (Stuck-y-Mack)
Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack)
No the bitch ain't got no class (Stucky-fuckin-Mack)

[J-Dee talking over Hook]
It's a damn shame
Smoked up her kid's money
Boy can't even eat

[J-Dee]
You come home fucked up, with the basshead calls
Kids got no lunch money cause you smoked it all up
You get your first period, stomach just growlin
Look outside, the teacher think that it's thunderin
But it's not thunder it's your little boy's tummy
Now don't it make you feel like a motherfuckin dummy?
He can't feed hisself, and his moms can't either
Basehead parents; man we don't really need 'em
Especially if they smokin and the home is broken
At nutrition time, my niggas be like jokin
Sayin that I'm bummy, I'm thinkin bout my tummy
I'm hungry as FUCK and moms smoked up our bucks
Now I gotta do her with a slug (Stucky Mack)
Now I gotta do her like a thug (buck buck buck!)
Now I gotta go, shoot up the drug spots
Mr. Police, could you please take my mug shot
Three hots in the cot for my ass
Cause my moms, ain't got no class

Chorus: B-Real

Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack)
Ain't got no class.. (Stuck-y-Mack)
Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack)
No moms ain't got no class
Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack)
Ain't got no class.. (Stucky-fuckin-Mack)
Ain't got no class.. (Stucky Mack)
No moms ain't got no class

[B-Real]
Ain't that right J-Dee?
She need to get on with her sorry ass
Beitch!

"We'll shut this motherfucker DOWN!" (4X)[Hook: B Real]
All black everything, just like paint
Rolling down the block, I'm cruising
Ship it to the South, to the North, to the East
I'm moving, I'm moving
East and the East and the killers in the West
Just get smoking
Why you fucking with stress?

[Verse 1: B Real]
Break in my line if you don't know the dock
Get in line, don't fuck around looking for my crop
Get dumb as the one that's the rise to the top
Product of Versace I'mma hit you with the Glock
Bitch we riding high, we keep stacking
Money like coats in closets, keep racking
Backs like Cali quakes, keep cracking
Skilled what the doctor know, what up with no slacking

[Hook: B Real]
All black everything, just like paint
Rolling down the block, I'm cruising
Ship it to the South, to the North, to the East
I'm moving, I'm moving
East and the East and the killers in the West
Just get smoking
Why you fucking with stress?

[Verse 2: Snow Tha Product]
Killer in the game and the one finna pop
So don't mind if I come around, spend a little guap
Snow been the chick, all these rap bitches jock
All these bum bitches, I'm the cream of the crop
Look I'm riding 'round, I been got it
Robbing these banks, these dudes, and these pockets
All of these hating bitches still watching
But I don't get no pay for no talking
Constant

[Hook: B Real]
All black everything, just like paint
Rolling down the block, I'm cruising
Ship it to the South, to the North, to the East
I'm moving, I'm moving
East and the East and the killers in the West
Just get smoking
Why you fucking with stress?

[Verse 3: Demrick]
Couple rolled up for the road
Hotbox any spot that I go
Yah
Steamed like a pot on the stove
Chase that with a shot of Patron
Fuck stacking my papers
But that just assesses I make it
I know boy it's coming
You don't like where I'm at
Then I know for a fact
People really hate what I'm becoming
I came in this game with a flow and a flame
Never go'n switch man the story's the same
Drinking this liquor, I fuck with my niggas
I always deliver, that's not gonna change
Ribs on a raise, tits on a frame
Jet fuel on a plane
Her ass is ridic, she grabbed on my stick
Trying drive me insane

[Hook: B Real]
All black everything, just like paint
Rolling down the block, I'm cruising
Ship it to the South, to the North, to the East
I'm moving, I'm moving
East and the East and the killers in the West
Just get smoking
Why you fucking with stress?[Intro: B-Real]
Yeah, homie
I thought we told we been fucking loco
Cypress Hill, D12, bitch!

[Hook: B-Real]
I'm a little bit off the chain, call me insane
But the fact remains that I'm a psycho
Better get it through your brain
When you say my name, never say it in vain, cause I'm a psycho

[Verse 1: Swift]
I'm a motherfucking omen, I bow down to no man
Split a nigga open, killing folks compulsive
A soldier with a motive, scrotum big as boulders
I hold 'em then unload on you, put it on a poster
So everyone can notice who was focused on us
Poking they nose in our business, hoping that I don't come smoke 'em
No one knows my notions or emotions, I'm a vulture
You niggas close to croaking any moment and I know when
I could fuck the culture up, probably rap
A maniac with anxiety attacks, I don't wanna chat
Speak when you spoken to and I don't have to read a fucking
Magazine or quotable to notice what you hoes will do

[Verse 2: Kuniva]
We all soldiers, we move as a unit, we all roll up
And show up at your residence, light your front door up
Get scared, life ain't fair
And I'm prepared to blast you just as fast as Dre can say "Hell yeah!"
So watch what you say cause it can happen either today or the next minute
I can draw the heater and spray and I'm dead serious
You could be dead period, end of story
I'm on your porch with a gun and your son, sipping a forty
Nobody can hold me, I does it all by my lonely
I stomp your head when you awake, you be looking like Gumby
Aftermath and Shady, bitch, you can read it and weep
You see my poster in the 'hood for "the G of the Week"

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Bizarre]
They found Saddam, but they ain't gon' find me
I'll be under a tree in Buttfuck, Tennessee
And I don't know too much about my daddy
Except he spit in my face and fucked me in my fanny
I ain't a racist, I just hate whites
Fags and dykes, blacks and transvestites
Thirteen years old and joined a fucking gang
Hair under my ass cheeks feeling the fucking pain
Am I insane? Who really knows?
Cause any second my temper can fucking blow
I get colder than December
Black the fuck out, tomorrow won't even remember
See Bizarre can show you what violence is all about
And this Dr. Dre beat done brought it the fuck out
Run in your house and put a gun in your mouth
And blow your brains the fuck out!

[Verse 4: Eminem]
I probably got a screw loose or two, or maybe three or four of 'em
Some fell out and hit the floor
All I know is ever since my fucking head hit the snowbank
I been a little neanderthalish, no thanks to my man D'Angelo Bailey
But I just take it slow daily, my biggest dilemma's
Trying to figure whether to use the flat head or the Phillips
Or just go to the Home Depot and pick the new power drill up
It's been two hours and six days and I'm still up
I feel like I'm about to snap any minute
There's a new Tower Records about to stop and get a fill-up
Pick the new Cypress Hill up
And go find who did that shit to Xzibit
And go fill up a whole liquor bottle with piss
And shatter his fucking lips with it

[Hook]

[Outro: Kuniva]
Karnail Pitts a.k.a. Bugz
Rest in peace, homie[Verse 1]

[Ill Bill]

I’m like a Viking in a submarine, I’m a Spartan with guns and beams
Muggs and me is like giving hard drugs to fiends
I be the cause of this prison riot, spawn of the Israelites
Torture you with kitchen knifes, caught you in a pistol fight
I saw prophets tore from the fist of Christ
Propaganda brainwashes us to make us think their system’s right
I stick my finger in the dyke, plug the leak
While she sucked her teeth, look into the light, such is life

[B-Real]

So when I hold the mic frighting day and night
Might catch a case, see you in my sights, let my heater make you change your face
Make you change your ways, wishing you could change your days
The venom we spit cut your throat like a razor blade
They got hell to pay, me I got hell to raise
Looked death in the eye, he said you get a stellar gaze
He went on his way but he got stuck in the maze
Without any way to get out of this purple haze

[Hook: Ill Bill]

Evacuate the place, fallen angel, amputated saint
Trapped on a cannibal planet of hate, gang-related is their faith
Activate the tape, calculate the weight
Single-handed with the cannon in their face

Evacuate the place, fallen angel, amputated saint
Trapped on a cannibal planet of hate, gang-related is their faith
Activate the tape, calculate the weight
Single-handed with the cannon in their face

[Interlude: Ill Bill]

Abandon all hope, buy more weapons and more coke
Build yourself a bunker under your house, it’s all over
But before the CIA come to take us away
Light up some OG kush and take us out in a blaze

Abandon all hope, buy more weapons and more coke
Build yourself a bunker under your house, it’s all over
But before the CIA come to take us away
Light up some OG kush and take us out in a blaze

[Verse 2]

[Ill Bill]
I ate some brownies last week and I’ve been high for days
Should’ve known B-Real was the guy with the tray
Cheech and Chong spliff, twist up an entire eighth
It won’t freeze your nose, the shit’ll set fire to your face

[B-Real]
We get higher in the place, still my eyes are clean
I’m the man in all black with the hashisheen
So many bags of green candy cars that lean
Got a crew so thick man we causing a scene
You tried to hit it the very moment I lit it
You shitted your pants, coughing out your lungs, bitch quit it
We got the greenery and the heavy machinery
And life don’t mean a thing to me, bitch enjoy the scenery

[Hook][B-Real (Sen Dog):]
Ready? set, go! I'm ready to run
Steady we get though, under the sun
About to let go. - Show me respect though!
It's gon' be a fat joint. - Soul - in your mental. (soul - in your mental!)
We came from the bottom and rose to the top
Like the cream in your coffee - burning hot! (burning hot!)
Climbing the Billboards for the number one spot
King of the block - stop for a second to watch!
Look and learn and loose your knot
No more bottles to pop, no birds in the drop
But - we still rollin'! (we still rollin'!) - Pocket's swollen. (pockets swollen!)
We're - locked and loaded, then the scene exploded
We' - solid as ever on any endeavour
Cypress Hill forever, doesn't get any better!
We - came and saw. - And conquered it all! (conquered it all!)
We're hungry for more like the kids in Darfur. (like the kids in Darfur!)

[Hook: B-Real]
We live hard, still armed and dangerous!
We young love, be alarmed, don't play with us!
Play the song! Gotta bounce just to stay with us!
Come along, hit the bong and blaze with us!

[Sen Dog:]
I'm the dog and I'm undisputed. - And you've been recruited!
I'm the general that your boy saluted. (that your boy saluted!)
Give you a minute to see how we do it (how we do it!)
You've never seen such finesse cause you're so polluted. (you're so polluted!)
I'm the king in this area hombre
Knocked 'em out the park when I'm standing on home plate. (c'mon!)
So many years of blood sweat and tears
Without me the dogs stay switching the gears!
But I'm still the same man from back in the day
And I'm still gettin' luck from Africa to L.A.! (to L.A.!)
Jake One hit play; burst started to sway
Every time I leave the city fools want me to stay! (want me to stay!)
Cause they stay loyal, so it's harder to go
And like the lights. - I got's to grow!
That means I'll roll (I'll roll!) but I'll return later (I'll return later!)
Give props to my peop (le), and buckshots to haters. (buck, buck!)

[Hook x2]

[B-Real (Sen Dog):]
Raise your hands in the air like you're supposed to
And everybody scream like you're on a rollercoaster
We're down - with the Costra Nostra
We smashing! - We sick jackin' and the Soul Assassins. (Soul Assassins!)
The Hip-hop culture - we fuck you both
Just as you caught in the rapture. - All I hear is laugher. (all I hear is laughter!)
In a year's time some of you punks, won't matter!
Let's see - if you can hang if you can climb the ladder!
You ain't a rapper, you're a fucking joke! (you're a fucking joke!)
A one-shock hack on a track, get your pass revoked! (get your pass revoked!)
I got keys to the city and we locking you out
We come hard for the paint. - And I'm blocking you out!
So run for the hills and hide in the can
We just put the mic' down - and be that fan. (and be that fan!)
With your - petty hands outside the lobby
I'm a pro, get my signature, this ain't no hobby!

[Hook x2][Intro - Akrobatik - talking]
("In the cityyyy, well there")
Uh, yeah, yeah (yeah)
What up y'all?
Yeah
Back in effect
One, two, one two
Yep
Uh, let's do it
Yo, front row
What's up, what's up (uh, what up)
Yeah, back row, what's up
What's my name y'all (yeah)
Akro

[Verse 1 - Akrobatik]
Just when they said it couldn't be done, I am back (uh)
Witness the reappearance of your radio interference (um)
I've been given clearance to smash the airwaves
Of these program directors and all of their slaves
I'm sendin 'em to their graves (uh)
My indie hustle got too much muscle for them to even try an' tussle
As we struggle through the jungle I'm pullin you out the rubble
I'm trouble with the lyricals, somethin like Je-sus with the miracles
I can't turn water into wine
But I can drop a hard rhyme that's slaughterin' your spine (huh)
Calm under pressure like Tom Brady, 4th and 10, runnin short of time (huh)
My skills are borderline insane
Follow them and flatline your brain (brain)
So just bounce to the beat bitch (bitch)
Peep this unique shit (uh)
Ak murder jams and it ain't no secret
Yes, uh
They call me

[Hook - B-Real] (Akrobatik) - w/ ad libs
A to the motherfuckin K homeboy
A to the motherfuckin K (A TO THE K!)
A to the motherfuckin K homeboy
A to the motherfuckin K (A TO THE K!)
A to the motherfuckin K homeboy
A to the motherfuckin K

Uh, yeah, yeah, uh, yeah, yo
Not the gun, but the MC son

[Verse 2 - Akrobatik]
If there is your introduction, then where the fuck you been?
It's been years since my records first started to spin
I'm from the era where you had to work your hardest to win
A lot of records drop, you never heard the artist again
But in my heart is the desire to win
I'm on fire again
Ignire the mic and let it strike my opponents
Blazin through your stereo component from the moment that you press play
It's feelin like the start of your best day
Shit is hella dope, that's what my heads our West say
Hey, ask my homey B-Real from the Hill
Ak got skills plus somethin you can feel
I got pop appeal but I keep it concealed
Like an automatic weapon, but that's not what I'm reppin
I'm reppin no half steppin, that's the lesson
The new era begins now, no more stressin
Let's go (yeah)
Back home they call me

[Hook] - w/ ad libs

What, yeah, yo
Not the gun, but the MC son[B-Real]
Yo Alchemist we takin it back on this one my nigga
Ya dig? Cypress Hill, Soul Assassins, uh

As the game gets older all you niggas get younger
You put your hand in my plate, go 'head and question my hunger
I'll show you how the 6 spit a barrel of thunder
Shoot the math one round, put you six feet under
Pour the liquor out, for my homey who didn't make it
We hold your name up, and celebrate it, never be faded
You on the grind and sometimes shit boggles your mind
How you got away with the crimes and you prospered
Took advantage, of every single thing life has to offer
Thugs never got nothin nice in the brain
See cold-blooded ass niggas swish ice in their veins
You blinded by the ice on the chains
Divided by the price of the fame
You rollin like dice in the game
It's a gamble, too hot to handle
Got to know when to hold 'em, fold 'em and then scramble
Move quick, we blow your head out like a candle.. candle..

[Hook: repeat 2X]
Y'all know I got the shotty pumpin
So you know I'm gonna body somethin
Got the blood in your body pumpin
Big guns that'll keep your party jumpin

[B-Real]
I get... more from the hustle
I get... more money, more problems
I get... all the look stoned people
I get... pigs knockin on my door
I get... hard times all over
I get... bitches schemin on me
I get... dough cash in a tight-ass grip
I get you a casket bitch![Hook:]
Girl I know
You tired of the rumors and lies but I tried
You say you gone but I just can't say goodbye
Is there a way that I can make it up to you to you [x2]

[Verse 1:]
I know you tired
You want to move on
Every king need a queen
And you the hier to the throne
I hear alot of rumors
And rumors are lies
They want to b in your position
Girl just open your eyes
Yea I don't understand
How you could put a rumor
Before your boyfriend
But I just chill and be cool
I dealt with this cause I onlywant to be with you
See people lie and everything
But since you gone feel
Like I'm in dat Hurricane
Wat can I do to make it up to you
And theirs no limits to the things I'll do

[Hook:]
Girl I know
You tired of the rumors and lies but I tried
You say you gone but I just can't say goodbye
Is there a way that I can make it up to you to you [x2]

[Verse 2:]
Mann this crazy
I ain't lyin
It's maybe my emotions that got me steady tryin
You and me equals a life on the beach
Don't worry bout your haters baby
I got you and me
I just don't know wat to do
D ony time I'm on point
Is when I'm with you
Don't let me slip
She watch my back
Just tell what to do to get that back
Girl hypnotize on a another world
Don't mean nothin else as long as I got my baby girl
Rumors are lies
Yea they are fake
But you are my girlfriend
I ain't trippin of that

[Hook:]
Girl I know
You tired of the rumors and lies but I tried
You say you gone but I just can't say goodbye
Is there a way that I can make it up to you to you [x2]

[Verse 3:]
It's your decision
Whatever you decide
Anyways it goes I'm gon b right there by your side
Keep it 100 all the way
D only thing I didn't like you listen what your friends say
And I ain't sayin that I was right
But when I'm with you baby
You brighten up my life
And if you give me a second chance
Baby girl you will neva second guess again
Yea but now I'm tryin to hold on
You neva realize you got something good till it's gone
So hold on to what you got
Cause if you don't you gon wish you will have not

[Hook:]
Girl I know
You tired of the rumors and lies but I tried
You say you gone but I just can't say goodbye
Is there a way that I can make it up to you to you [x2]{*20 seconds of kids playing*}

[Intro: sped-up R&B sample]
Late at night
When all the world is safe within their dreams
I want the shadowwwww
Late at night
An empty feeling creeps within my soul
I feel so lonely
So I go, into the darkness of the night, all alone
I want this peace until I find, someone who is just like me
Looking for some companyyyyyy
Oh yeahhhh

[B-Real]
What's good in the hood, can you tell me
Hit me with the truth motherfuckers don't sell me
Cause I can see a lot of things wrong with the city
And nobody's tryin to fix nothin, all of our choices are shitty
People starvin in the ghetto and the rich get richer
So we hustlin for the paper - you get the picture?
My homey he caught ten tryin to feed his seed
And nothin supersedes a man's will to succeed
So we bleed and shed tears, lookin for somethin better
But nothin is guaranteed, in this life we livin
Ain't nothin given, gotta earn your money and stripes
I can't sleep at night, what I'm doin ain't right
Can't never let my guard down for nothin in life
Your enemies see a weakness and you look ripe
And they don't care about who or what you're leavin behind
You slip one time you a victim of crime

[Hook: Bo Roc]
Up against the trials of life, sometimes it ain't right
Through all of my pain and strife, I focused upon the light
Though I may lose my way, I'm up for the fight
In hopes of a brighter day for children of the night

[B-Real]
You know I hit the ground runnin from the day I was born
There ain't nothin I haven't seen, I was born to storm
And if I ever have to heat it up you might get warm
So I urge you to sit it out, and just let me move on
Out of pride you won't blink, think that I'm a threat
Yeah you might be right, and if you are comes death
By the laws of the street you know what's comin up next
You duckin from the Glocks and the six and tecs
When did it all fall? We all used to cash collect
Instead of catchin a body homey cash a check
Any moment it could be over, your number's up
You become, a memory nobody's givin a fuck
It's no wonder how we cross roads and get divided
There's no, compromises and drama arises
The streets got you clutched in the cradle of doom
You get out of pocket they make you invisible dude

[Hook]

[B-Real]
The streets are ugly and the world is goin through changes
We fightin at home and out here in unknown places
We never know what peace is
We all about war for the money and the violence increases
I never thought about it when I was younger
I never thought about we all just numbers
I only thought about the food on the table
I was taught to make moves when you're ready and able
Sometimes you feel alone and you just simply go for self
And you don't care about anybody else
You say "Look at that trick in the flashy whip!
If I get my chance, you know I'm gonna jack his shit"
The world's cold, people sell their soul
For money and power then they seem to lose control
They can't, handle the load at the end of the road
They're destined to fall and we just watch the drama unfold

[Hook]

{*Bo Roc ad libs to end*}[Hook: Duke]
What type of drugs do you do?
And what do you do to get your hands on your shit mothafucka huh??!!
What kind of dirty tricks you do to get yourself fixed?
You're all sick; is it lack of love? or lack of your withdrawal?
Drugs!! I need femine venoms in the system
In order to function in the rhythm

[Duke]
You get hooked to the look of wild vomen
And wanna live in the land of the unforgiven
Habits turn bad once
Individuals make 'em poison rituals
Gotta have it a have it, a habit
Welcome your choices of an addict

[B-Real]
God forgive me for my bad habits
Drug addict needle in my vein, I gotta have it
To kill the pain, you silly rabbit
I dig a hole under the sun to hide from the static
Automatic pressure got to kill it
Give some act-rite juice so I could feel it
Ah, everything is all right
The eye of the needle cries out to the dark side
Looking inside through the outdoor knocking
But society won't let me in so I grab my stocking
Put over my head and get the dough
Cause the needle is my God and smack is my soul

[Sick Jacken]
Paraphernalia in my domain brings conclusion
That I'm using but the question is, am I abusing
Infested in the residence of Pico Union
Drug intrusion, color fusion
Invasion! of your senses maintain relapse
Dilate eye lenses, my dependence on these chemical artifical dreams
Is what makes my habit obscene

[Hook]

[Sick Jacken]
Tinted like the darkest shadows, my mind is cloudy
Subliminal commands will penetrate then I get rowdy
Conditions drowsy, the sedative brings negative energy
I slump down and stay ahead of me
Powerful like metamphetamines my state is altered
This here's no lie hydroponic, chronic
Got you feeling all erotic aphrodisiac, who's got it?
Alvarado maniacs risk prison time buying dimes
When you got the fix get in the mix
There's no denying drug's the only factor
Got me in the rapture making an addict out of you
And proceed to capture your mind

[Duke]
You're mine, choke hold to your whole skull, substance uncontrolled
Who holds straight keys to locks and unlocks key holes
The structure of my trip is unstoppable
I'm 50 hits of the dot all powerful
We go deranged and remain living the last days in the haze of purple micro

[B-Real]
I remember when I was a high school star
Had the prom queen, scholarship, brand new car
It's funny, you never know who your friends are
'til you lose all your sensibilities to the dark
Wanna act right but I'm all wrong; no wonder my family
Don't wanna have nothing to do with me
Humiliation, neglect, no respect
The concept of rehabilitation has been swept
I wish I was clean, a far fetched dream
But what other way am I going to blow off my steam

[All Together]
Heaven's all in this bottle of juice

[B-Real]
Making me feel high

[Sick Jacken]
Making me feel loose

[Duke]
Got nowhere turn to
No one trusts me, I don't even trust myself[Intro/Hook: Young De]
Niggas run up on ya, when you live in California
In the home of marijuana, streets get hotter than sauna
Now this ain't funny so don't ya dare laugh
They run up on the side of your ride and then blast
When it pops off it happens that fast
If you soft, you just won't last

[B-Real]
I was born in Los Angeles city
Where the thugs ride low, get dough, and the girls are pretty
It's hostile and gritty, outsiders see the beauty
Sun shines but sometimes it's dark and moody
Whatever you do to me you won't stop my grind
Son when you find one you hold on and shine
Don't lay back, relax
Cause the minute you lay back, someone takes away from your stacks
Nowadays it's a struggle to hustle
Not only in the street, the rap games, and the fucked up shuffles
So I came with the rain, to boost it back
Real life is a struggle but we used to that
No matter, who you are or who you be with
We all want the same thangs, we all in the same gang
Same dope, same notes we flow for
Same dreams and schemes we investin our soul for

[Hook]

[Young De]
I'm livin that Cali life, in the hundred degree heat
And you wonder why they found another body in the streets
No AC, packed in a car eight deep
They go kamikaze, no camraderie or peace
And beef, homey ain't just somethin you eat
But the taste of revenge, is oh so sweet
Your boy won't sleep, 'til I'm up in that Benz
E-class heat blast leave 'em in a trench
And take me off the bench, I'm ready for the game
Your business fucked up they got you signin for a chain
They callin for a change, they callin out my name
Young De they want me to come and do my thang
Plain black tee I ain't do it for the fame
Same black Glock if you move into my lane
Same old blocks is the spots where I hang
On the stoop with the vets but your boy ain't changed

[Hook]

[Xzibit]
Top hat smashin in a California fashion
Even the strong get chinchecked tested and blasted
Wrapped in plastic, dumped out for weak reasons
I beach cruise, black t-shirts for each season
Come here flossin ya knots
You're not leavin with that, now where my motherfuckin gangsters at?
More single mothers than brothers than we got on the street
Better have you a handle whenever you keepin the peace
Still 'Fuck Tha Police' at least the coast stay consistent
Fame is lame but life is lost in an instant
Hit the fence then sprint through the neighbor's yard
Canine is on your ass if they catch you then you're gone
This is for the soldiers that's never comin home
Who been crackin for the cause candy-painted to the chrome
Hikin up Cypress Hill with two bongs
B-Real got a pound then it's on - we smokin

[Hook][Produced By: Prestige]

[Intro: Chris Webby]
I'm just tryna' get my fix
Dopamine, dopamine
That I'm on, that I want
I'm just tryna' get my fix
Dopamine, dopamine

[Verse 1: Chris Webby]
See dopamine is what your brain is makin' when your feelin' happy
So, if your tryna' feel what I'm feelin' then yo get at me
And me? I get me fix from all sorts of shit
Every night a glass of milk with some Oreo's I can dip
Fresh pot of mom's sauce, macaroni, meatballs
That smell of Sour Diesel when I open up the jar
Break it up and rollin' somethin', breakin' off a ho I'm fuckin'
Pop a little ecstasy and get that serotonin pumpin'
Goin' commando in a pair of sweats
Reruns of Sopranos up on my TV set
And that dopamine be flowin' on stage
Feel it every time that shit is goin' my way
It's chillin' with your best homies
The spittin' game, it's gettin' laid and it's that after sex bogie
Any time you feelin' good, it's what your brain produces
So my fans will get their fix every time they bumpin' my music

[Hook: Chris Webby]
Let me get that dopamine, baby give me that dopamine
If you wanna feel it too, then all you gotta do is roll with me
And everything is how it's supposed to be
And that's the shit that I'm on, that's the shit that I want
Whether I get it from hittin' pussy or rippin' a bong
I'm just tryna' get my fix
Let me get that dopamine, baby give me that dopamine

[Verse 2: Talib Kweli]
That bamma weed you smokin', ain't fuckin' with the OG
I hit it till I'm coughing, I hit it often
I'm like a Power Ranger the way I'm mighty morphing
Into a rocket ship, that's taking off into space as I get lost
Thanks to stimulating endorphins, brings me closer to the coffin
Walk on the edge because I know the ledge
I wake up when they go to bed
Got these cowards runnin', I'm bounty huntin' like I'm Boba Fett
Life is like a drug, we born addicted like crack babies
Tryin' ta' get that fix, you gonna hurt your back, like the Bag Lady
Now why do I expose these niggas'? I got to
These niggas' heads bigger than yakoo, it's not cool
Lyrical warnings, gettin' as gory as biblical stories, you  ignoring the allegories
Tryin' to feel good; it's Aleister Crowley
Rush of that adrenaline is my medicine
My fuel is my kerosene
You ever live the life of a heretic?
That, dopamine, from the smoke the coke the lean, is temporary when your third eye ain't opening

[Bridge: Chris Webby]
I'm just tryna' get my fix

[Verse 3: Grafh]
Bitch on my lap, gyratin'
Loud so loud, my lungs vibratin'
High as a bitch I'm up skyscappin'
Annihilatin' some kind of Sanaa Lathan
That's the feelin' I feel when I am creatin'
And the fire's escapin', though your fire escape
Until I lie in your basement
Arise in the pavement just to arrive from inside of a spaceship
That fix, I'm suppose to dream
I chase Hennessy with dopamine
This is dope, I mean, I ain't sober
Promethazine in my soda, I'm supposed ta lean
My momma cookin'? Encore
The family members I die for
The two beautiful kids that I stay alive for
Plus Hip-Hop makes me feel alive more
That fix

[Hook: Chris Webby]

[Verse 4: B-Real]
Let me put you down, with some realness
You feelin' loud with me and Webby, rockin on that trill shit
Feelin' bliss, like its that fattest joint you ever hit
Higher than you've ever been, of course you know you're feelin' this
We're the feelin' that you get when you open up your bag of weed waiting for the first hit anxiously
We're the rush; when the Lakers beat the Celtics
The smile on your face when the joint lit, and ya smelled it
We the vibe at the party, when that shit's about to turn up
We the "hell ya", ya thinkin' when the dabs about to burn up
The fist pump, bitch I'm number one, I'm the winna' by the
Toast at the table when we celebrating [?]
Roar of the crowd when ya see something amazing
We're the thrill of victory, we're the felling of elation
It's a presentation and we hope you see
You're in need of that dopamine

[Bridge: Chris Webby]

[Verse 5: Trae Tha Truth]
Yeah, Truth spit game, murda'
Shoulda' been cased on it
Causing panic, 9-11 shoes laced on it
Haters on dick, knowing they woman' face on it
Money long, snakes, givin' a open chase on it
I'm fully sober, my fix is chicks and change
And ridin' lookin' amazing in something so strange
I hit the hood, just to kick it with homies
Knowing they need it for support, everyone left 'em lonely
I do my best to dodge the phoney, cuz' I don't understand them
And I ain't tryin'
I'm the truth and I don't fuck with that lyin'
Stay from beside 'em
Hit the studio to blackout, every track gettin' packed out
Just like somebody woman as soon as I blow her back out
Might just give a laugh as I proceed to knock a track out
And burn off with my speakers in the trunk, who tryna' act out?
Say Watson tell Boogz I'm on my turn up
Get [tightest?] in them [?], meet me at Dreams, we bout to turn up

[Hook: Chris Webby][Produced by Thelonious Martin]

[Intro: Curren$y]
Drive In Theatre
Turn it up some for me

[Verse 1: Curren$y]
Fresh paint on the park bench
Shining in the sunlight of the morning
Under the shade of the trees, taking it all in
In the courtyard of my homegirl's apartments
Scared to play, how could you ever win?
Make a mistake, then a revision
Make them see that shit the way you did
Some of these fools will never get it
But I still give a hundred percent, just
Consideration for the listeners
Appreciation for the livers, lifers
Henny swiggers, weed smokers, Chevy drivers
Switches hitting, steady dipping, banging oldies
Throw the set up out the window, hit my horn at the homies
Just vibing, bitch, you can't kill it
Immortals chilling, portals to dimensions
Where everybody keep it realer
On this side, we don't feel you
On this side, one of these youngins might steal you
On this side, for looking too unfamiliar
Too much like a squealer, dice shooter
Debt dealers, grocery store looters, all the same, nigga
Put into a bad position, back the coolest cat in the corner
Transform into a junkyard bulldog on them
Posers, imposters, opponents, I throw them all in one-size-fits-all boxes
Coaching, while smoking notice, a weakness in your defense
We bust it open, fitting to run it like a quarterback option
These niggas not sharks, they just flounders, goonies in training
Surround them, then drown them, Scuba Steve blood hounding
Never found them, started from the bottom
Then I got rich, never dipped
Cause I'm so at one with my surroundings, bitch

[Hook: Curren$y]
You far away from your home, you's an alien, alien
You far away from your home, you an alien, alien
You far away from your home, you's an alien, alien
You far away from your home

[Verse 2: B-Real]
As I'm pulling trees out the grow room
Phone blowing up, man, how'd they know so soon?
All these ladies looking right, hydro bloom
Got these rookies fucking faded, singing show tunes
You get it from the doctor, it's a bomb sack
And if you sitting too close, catch a contact
If you want my territory, combat
I don't be losing cool, doctor is a calm cat
Every ninety days, around the way, the ladies pay me
Crazy how they make me paper, I appreciate it greatly
One day I'll retire, give some peace to those who hate me
But you're saying to the doctor, listen no one else can save me
But every now and then, someone stepping out of pocket
People want my green and my rivals try to block it
This is unacceptable, I don't see the logic
To put your life at risk, cause I'll put one through your locket
I don't beef for bullshit, I just want to treat my patients
It's a cold life, Alaska, Sarah Palin
When I give you knowledge, take it like a revelation
When the people want the best, they know that I'm the destination
Any other source will get you high, you'll feel amazing
But it's just a duplication of the fire that I'm blazing
When you're far away from home and you don't have no sources
I will dab you out if I can just find where my torch is

[Hook: Curren$y]

[Verse 3: Curren$y]
Uh, she came first, I came last
Shiesty bitch'll put arsenic in your glass, and
Propose a toast to the fact that you been smoked
You a dead man walking, sucker, you ain't even know
Never let my eyes close around these hoes
But she quick to put us down on the stove
That's for sure
Tryna work her way in
Mafia ties
Helicopter ride
Business meetings in the sky
Drug dealers in disguise, this is I
Day in, day out
Dazed in the Days Inn
Letting this work play out
They download and demand more
When I put a tape out
But I'm the manufacturer
So there will never be a drought
As a matter fact, girl
You need to peep your boy out
I been considering
Assembling
A batch of bad bitches, my
Hired assassins
Looks could kill cause I just
Handed Looks a Magnum
We called her Look cause
Fuck, man, look at her
She got them looks, man
Model, singer slash actress
Dillinger's in the mattress
Gloves and ski masks
Dissipate the static
Chase away the madness
Chase bank deposits
Bitch I always got it, I just tell you I don't have it
Cause too many people was looking at me when you asked me
Hundred percent averaging
Highness, your majesty
I am this savagely

[Hook: Curren$y]

[Outro: The Godfather]
Clemenza: Looks like a fortress around here. What's with all the new faces?
Tessio: We'll need 'em now. After the hospital thing, Sonny got mad. We hit Bruno Tattaglia four o'clock this morning
Clemenza: Jesus Christ[10 second instrumental to open]

[DJ Quik]
You might find me in the Century Club
Fresh kicks, fresh cut, pocket full of dubs
Box of Altoids for my paranoid niggas actin foul
Stop smokin if you can't be proud
Adult star night, not another bar fight
Inglewood players actin right in the spotlight
Me I'm righter than invisible set
I'm visibly wet, slurrin and I'm lookin for my pet
I pass to the massa with her whip on her, ask her
If she sippin wit'cha bird, if she not we move past her
And I ain't hatin I'm just diggin ya ass girl
Is that the collagen shot, is that what'cha momma got?
I'm so rugged, bullet wound in back
Of the axe handle blunt force trauma kinda tuggin
And I ain't never been what the cat drug on
B-Real Quik's to keep ya mean muggin
California clownin, bounce to sundown
In the moonlight groovin, trippin off the saloon fight
We Fandango, the next day hangover
Got me feelin like I hit a train with my Range Rover

[Hook: B-Real]
Feel free to lose your mind, let'cha brain go
Fuck the tango do the Fandango
Triple step, right left, then you let'cha dame go
Spin around 'til you get a hangover
Take your doo rag off, let your brain grow
Fuck the tango do the Fandango
Triple step, right left, then you let'cha man go
Spin around 'til you get a hangover

[B-Real]
Watch me climb out the whip with the bird on my hip
She wanna set it off in the club, don't trip
We crack a bottle and all my fam take a sip
Any haters wanna pop at the lip, we come equipped
We get the paper and the savor the flavor
But never forget about the haters who constantly imitate us
Homey we creators and players and rhyme sayers
For layers of words, let me say it in terms that you can understand
So clearly, you feelin me fam?
She's on the floor cause of my homey Quik man
And she hits the mall but you don't really understand
Yeah I seen it before but now it's gettin out of hand
Mami's diggin for more, and she's posin for the cam
Little beef got the dancefloor slammed
No tango, straight Fandango
Birds flock to us like heads to Kangols, c'mon

[Hook]

[DJ Quik]
I'm a master in disguise, movin swiftly to the thighs
Move faster than me, then I recognize
That I ain't really got nuttin to hide
But the bratwurst skinny girl second, fat girls first
And Compton is still on my mind
I remember when we used to get scared when they got behind us
One-time sayin they been tryin to find us
But they got the wrong niggas, never mind us
My tongue tumbles like I'm bumblebee stung
Rip out the stinger, you keep talkin shit I whip out the ringer
How many times does it have to end
Right before 12:00 A.M., why you packin a Slim Jim?
I gets down on the mic like I rode down on a bike
Road rash, skin peelin tonight
The club ain't never crackin 'til the haters be gone
We need to build the eliminator hater light, and put it on 'em

[Hook][Intro: Damian Marley]
Yahhhhhhh~! Junior Gong and B-Real
Pepper, pepper, pepper!
A wot dem feel like?
Come down!

[B-Real]
Straight up we set the fire we blaze 'em and do it properly
Sonically all we need is the honest and the Cali weed
Roll up the sensei when you want to break up insanity
Hit it and pass it and we blazin all of humanity
(BLAZE IT UP!) Then we never care about what you say to us
(BLAZE IT UP!) Everywhere we go we takin the spray with us
(BLAZE IT UP!) All the mamis in the club wanna blaze with us
(BLAZE IT UP!) All you fuckin haters remain hatin us
We grow the crystal freely, from dirt up to the ceiling
I know you want the feeling, you need some herbal healing
We flip it in the Valley, out here in Southern Cali
I know you fuckers envy, B-Real and Mr. Marley

[Hook 2X: Damian Marley]
(Fire fire fire fire fi-yah)
(Fire fire fire fire fi-yah)
Analog or digital it's spiritual and physical
In literal or literally industry down here in Cali

[Change last line first Chorus: "In literal or literally... Cali da cavalry"

[Damian Marley]
Some likkle wannabe wanna come walkin on mi Wallabee
Wanna follow me, but that fruit-tooty-to he got wobbly
Dashin and flashin lyrics who dat leave dat mean a tragedy
To Don Fox Reilly 'e dance wily come to us naturally
(BLAZE IT UP!) Any time, any place and no a politic
(BLAZE IT UP!) An' next soundbwoy nah near become reality
(BLAZE IT UP!) Squeeze up to all da in US technology
(BLAZE IT UP!) Puff puff up move de fuck up off me now casually
Come de originally, Mr. De Reality
I'm takin trips to Cali, more now that thick thick Cali
Just a specifically, get a good spliff of Cali
I keep it, you keep it, we keep it BLAZIN!!!

[Hook]

[B-Real] *
Te quemo con el fuego mira mami esto no es un juego
Ven aca por que me gusta lo que estas haciendo
Una toca y seguro que mi mota es duro
Y te lo juro yo que sub cuando hueles el humo, VAMOS!
(BLAZE IT UP!) In the club or on the corner don't play with us
(BLAZE IT UP!) In the limo shut the window and break it up
(BLAZE IT UP!) If you try to take it from me it's dangerous
(BLAZE IT UP!) In Jamaica no mistakin the ganja bus
Believe the kush is sticky, and all the fiends are tricky
The pigs be comin quickly; they can come and get me
Watch me smoke out the city, let's see who's comin with me
The bong'll make you dizzy, it's Gong and Mr. Brizzy
[Hook]

[Repeat 4X]
Fire fire fire fire fi-yah

* any help on the Spanish appreciated[Hook (x6): A$AP Ferg]
Get the fuck out my mothafuckin' face

[Verse 1: B-Real]
Who's Dr. Greenthumb, anybody seen him
Not another white bitch, time for a re-run
Need some green sum, seen some homie
Send you a ton but I keep some homie
King of Queen, the kind you blaze
Whole team on lean on Pisa sway
I'm ghetto and the pump got a critter all splattered
Have another hit but I want to hit the shatter
Dabbing all night really got me faded
Take a hit of my shit feel upgraded
Twist that shit like your weave got braided
Chilling in the palm trees feeling real shaded
Pass that shit like a deadly virus
She want to hit, that's Miley Cyrus
Hit it so hard, my god, she likes this
Change that chick's name to Miley Cypress

[Verse 2: A$AP Ferg]
A$AP Ferg, A$AP mobbin'
Bitches on my ball sack wanna nigga martian
And a Miss America, picking any target
Bitch give me long neck like an ostrich
Aston Matthews in an Aston Marton, driving retarded
Sipping on that Crissy cause a nigga really ballin'
Headed to the telly with a bunch of Kelly Clarksons
They love that I'm from Harlem, they love to see a broad
And another broad and kiss and massage 'em
Give them booty shots might Nicki Minaj 'em
Dont let 'em get me hard then
Tell they friend give me jaws like a shark fin
You'll play Halle Berry in Monster Ball and
I'll be Trap Lord Billy Bob Thornton

[Verse 3: A$ton Matthews]
Oh, shit, who let these Hulk Hogan hoes in with nose and chest open
That water hose got us sipping, that Molly maid got us dripping
I get that A$AP, A$AP, take naps from the K clap, I'll bring it
Where you lay at, gang colder than face off, you don't want to face that
Got these hoes dripping out the four socks, 44's get the 4's off
Four boats so the hoes drop, that rose gold keep it don't stop
Haaan, molly party, molly party, them bitches know
It's a molly party, dodging cases cause I'm dropping bodies
#1 Stunna, Camoflage Hummer, nose job had to paint white for the summer
I'm a hit stick drummer, heavy weight Triple H Hall of Fame head hunter
Minivan gram Van Dam hand in hand in the Trans-Am
Choppas are test tap dance, Hammer time Ham dance, put that pussy on a hand stand

[Hook (x4): A$ton Matthews]

[Verse 4: Fredro Starr & (Sticky Fingaz)]
Better get the fuck out my face with all that
Or get a broken beat down with a baseball bat
Ferg said call a nigga A$AP back
Oh, just looking for his baseball bat
I'm a thug with a baseball cap
Got a bad bitch slim waist from the back
Ass ain't fat but her face all that
Oh, she like to fuck in my baseball cap
(I'm a CB-GB, Crazy Baldhead Grimy Bastard)
(You a BG-GB: Bitch that's Gonna Get Blasted)
(So don't set trip cause I love to trip, my niggas trip, acid)
(I don't give a fuck if it's fake or real, those titties coulda been plastic)
Official Nast' my gangs official
Mad faced niggas with anger issues
Hundred mad niggas got a gang of pistols, blaow
Now how the fuck can a stranger miss you
(My whole set ganged up, play yourself get ya banged up)
(Suicide you get hanged up, she done fuck the crew she got ganged up)

[Outro: Fredro Starr & (Sticky Fingaz)]
Get the fuck out my mothafuckin' face
I'll pull the heat out my mothafuckin' waist
(Get the fuck out my mothafuckin' face)
(I'll pull the strap out my mothafuckin' waist)[Verse 1: Ill Bill]
Fuck Tony Montana, we kill kids, if he did he’d still be alive
Al Pacino fucked up twice
I’m a vet but Benny Blanco ain’t taking my life
I'mma end up on the beach with my seed in my wife
One last hustle, last hoorah, move this last bundle
I caught bodies out here, homie, y’all can’t fumble
Most of my felonies are legendary
That’s why I put most of my enemies in cemeteries
I seen visions from beyond the grave burning in Hell
Screaming in pain to God begging to be saved
This is purgatory, another first degree murder story
They took my kindness for a weakness and turned it on me
That’s when I blacked out, pulling triggers like I was cracked out
Eyes bugging out my head tapped out
Schized the fuck out, loced out, coked out
Shinied up, left you soaked the fuck up and smoked out

[Verse 2: Everlast]
Fuck a motherless child from a penniless home
I’m a heartless lion with an iron-jaw bone
I’m no Al Capone or Corleone
But I’ve been known to put a hit out on the microphone
Fuck your time zone, fuck your area code
I’ll detonate my payload and watch it explode
It’s a gangster boogie, it’s a soldier’s hustle
Little bank take big bank if it got muscle
Drugs, money, sex, revolution is next
This ain’t strong-armed robbery, we got a small armory
Fuck cracks and Glocks, we shooting back at the cops
Deep undercover like we running black ops
Battle cry singing, you’re on my dick swinging
Ain’t nobody fucking with this drama I’m bringing
Some men are king and some men are peasants
So come kiss the ring, bow down to the king

[Verse 3: Sick Jacken]
I’m from the double S till I drop
I rep the bubble vest with a Glock
My trouble stem from all the death on my block
The meth and the rock got zombie armies set to pop
Jail cells are funeral plots, they’re stressed in a box
Sick Side harmony is like Jews and Arabs in bombing sprees
My hood’s the Gaza Strip, this raw shit’s a part of me
A cult following martyrs me, street life is haunting me constantly
Thinking cops with the friction are trying to slaughter me
A killer’s lottery is roulette, not on himself
That’s when Russians test the Mexicans and see who’s next
Hit the block and you’ll catch two Techs
Nevermind where you’re from, we’re reacting cause we preview death
Drive-by murder hit with a live burner
You try to shake a barrel to buck, it’s not heard of
You are not everlasting, get slain by Ill Bill
One lethal dose of pain and get left on the hill

[Verse 4: B-Real]
There’s so many ways to hustle man, I got em all locked
If you think about touching mine, the hammer’s on cocked
Got my mind on my money and my money on my mind
We never stop the hustle, get the paper and fly
That’s life in the city, shit is gritty, no it ain’t pretty
But we on the grind, homie if you ain’t rolling with me
When you against you just an enemy that might be a cancer
So then we’re searching to remove your ass, ain’t taking no chances
In the darkest places ones with the unknown faces
Cause fire places in hearts of the rebels you hating
You better take a look and recognise the monster created
I think we gotta choke em, we just elevated to hatred
What you know about survival? Ever struggle to eat?
What you know about the poverty? Ever live on the street?
When there ain’t no opportunity trying to make ends meet
Then you become what they fear but they fear the elite

[Verse 5: Slaine]
Yeah, I’m a DMS soldier, EMS hold ya
Now you’re knocked the fuck out, you need a rest, I told ya
Homie you don’t walk with a lean on my shoulder
Scheming on your dollar, fiending for a boulder
Blue-eyed devil spilling semen on your culture
Who am I to revel? What I’m being is a vulture
On both coasts with the toast to roast you
My soul’s so close to approaching hopeless
Flows so dope I do coke to focus
The angel with the dust so the smoke is smoking
You loathe how I roll, it was so ferocious
I know this, I always had a prose composure
Let the curtains close cause your shows is over
They’ll be no more of you posers posing
It’s raw uncut with a weapon to shoot
I’m the truth for the youth when I step in the booth, what![B-Real]
Who wants the wrath, it must be the hood
Who's up to no good, and wishes a man would
Come up and give him a reason to blast on..
I wouldn't put it past him!
He's got juice, how long will it last him?
He's gettin back, at, all the punks that harassed him
Ask him (HEY!) what's ya main hobby?
He'll say there ain't, nothin like the motherfuckin robbery
So don't crowd me, cause yo I run shit
You know, homey that old top gun shit
I got a slug comin straight out the barrel
For your ass, if you wanna ask a dumb question
Cause I'm quick on the draw, click-click, punks drop
Now your lifes ain't worth shit!

[Hook: B-Real, Sen Dog (repeat 2X)]
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up y'all, yeah
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up (SHOOT 'EM UP!)
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up y'all, yeah
Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up (SHOOT 'EM UP!)

[Sen Dog]
Sen Dog, never again will I bend
No letters of death, no threats, will I send
So I'm puttin an end, to all your dumb shit
(dumb shit) dumb shit.. that, "Homes WHERE YOU FROM?" shit
Cause I run shit, my way, all day, I don't play
Cause it won't pay
Niggas wanna play with the pistol, you make me get pissed though
(YOU GET A FISTFUL!)
Make you eat knuckles, feel your knees buckle
Still feelin great when you're sleepin on the pavement?
Save it! The beatdown, who gave it?
Sen did, no one will explain it

[Hook]

[B-Real]
I've had it up to HERE, with all the bullshit
Finger's on the trigger, and I'm about to pull it
Gank hardrock, up the block, you know I rule it
To the punks around the corner someone's gonna catch a bullet
To the crew, that wants, to get with my program
I'm out to get mine, and ain't takin shit from no man
In the neighborhood, cause there ain't no brotherhood
In other words, good, if you heard, that we're comin up
We're out to make a quick buck, that's what I'm thinkin
And I'm smokin any PUNK who even thinks of finkin

[Hook]{*blam blam blam*}

[B-Real]
I never let 'em see me sweatin, only money I'm gettin
I bet you're bettin I'm losin I'm refusin to give in
I don't follow nobody, I'm a leader so watch me
I think you're thinkin solutions but it's useless to stop me
Any hate that you send me, you won't break me or bend me
I'm out to get it I'll set it off on any who envy
Should you try to come at me, you ain't takin a penny
We hustlers hustle for dollars and we ballers got plenty
I see plotters and schemers, the suckers and dreamers
We heat the heaters you bleedin if we leavin the Beemers
We tryin to feed our family, tryin to hustle like Camby
Connections connect and we postin a poster with Brandy
You see poppers I'm poppin, but you don't see the coffin
I see you starin apparent that you're optin for options
I feel tragedy comin, humanity's buggin
You need to get it together if you plan to be somethin

[Hook 2X: Mimi]
I'm on the grind baby, I've got to go
I'm 'bout my hustle homey, I've got to show
I'm on a mission baby get that dough
And once I get it gotta get some mo'

[B-Real]
You take the game and its repercussions, all the money I'm touchin
Jackers jackin believe me if they see me they're rushin
So I gotta be fitted, yeah my heaters are hidden
Money's money it ain't funny you dummies won't get it
I dare you kids to follow, just know the tips are hollow
Protect your neck in a second you checkin out tomorrow
We on the corner grindin, turnin from coal to diamonds
Nothin from nothin we grindin design a place to shine and
It's a dream we livin, don't be hatin I'm driven
See what I see and you're learnin the reason why I'm winnin
You niggas cockroaches, you so braggadocious
You talkin rugged but you crumble when trouble approaches
Don't give the game to many, not meant for everybody
Dollar for dollar be humble and stumble out the party
Where the wolves are hungry, and they hungry for money
See what I'm sayin they ain't playin their mouths are bloody

[Hook]

[B-Real]
It's all about survival of the fittest, you can never be skittish
You hit, quit it, you leave it, in every crime committed
There's no room to be sloppy, ain't no need to be cocky
Get what you gettin the lesson is you need to get off me
Can you handle your own? Can you make your way home?
Metal for metal I'm pullin and refusin to settle
Some are payin the piper, I'm ignitin the fire
Higher and higher I'm movin and you're losin desire
All you got is your hustle, ain't no time for no hassle
Muscle for muscle they blast you and smash you laughin at you
On the move for your riches, where you burnin your bridges
Cheddar for cheddar but really can you handle the business?
On the streets you're a legend, all the money you're spendin
Bottle for bottle pretendin your reign is never-endin
Never wanted the glory, so for nothin I'm sorry
Body for body I'll smoke you just like a Rastafari

[Hook] - fades out