[2Pac]
Nigga we doin' this shit from Cleveland to L.A. nigga. Whatever you niggas want we bringin' it. (Remy and drink nigga) Thug Luv (Thug Luv bitch!) Nigga, what time is it. Yo' I don't give a fuck where you lay at, it's time to slay these bitch made niggas. They ain't even knowin' what type of niggas we is. Where my thugs at! Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. I know you niggas been waiting for this for a long time, well here it is nigga, here it is. What you gon' do with this shit?

[Verse 1: Bizzy Bone (2Pac)]
Well look at the thug that my momma gave up on and labeled me worthless
Stroll through the city at 14 dirtless, put in my work and alert the service(Tell 'em) Who could have knew it
Lil' Pac will give and regain in the world (Whoa) with enemies all rollin'(Freeze nigga) Ruthless, well I better pull my pistol and pearl
Before they analyze my bail been treated psychologically since 12 or whatever
Can I get bail? Or will I motherfuck myself? Well I'm off to The Land with a hand full of balls that's all
Just some of my dogs Mo! Thuggin' thuggin'
Ready to maul on y'all with a forty-five
Y'all fall and don't you call them laws
Remember my name and that's not all/ Whenever you want some call and I'll be prepared to haul y'all off/ Nigga dash trap that ass roll up your up yo' ass and punch it then flash/ Got a guage, when I catch 'em chillin' let's go kill his ass, kill his ass, kill his ass

[2Pac]
Ha ha ha what's poppin' nigga? (Yeah) Put your motherfuckin' hand on your strap nigga (Thug Luv nigga) Hell yeah, we can do this like gangstas and slug it out (Thug Luv) Or we can do this like punks and punk it out. Pull your strap on me (Thug Luv) Nigga and you better kill me. Thug Life baby. (Thug Luv)

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I'll probably be punished for hard living, blind to the facts:
Thugs is convicts in God's prison, hands on the strap
Praying so Father please forgive me! Police be rushing when they see me
I flaunt it: America's Most Wanted, live on T.V
Life: pleasure and pain, stuck in this game, holler my name!
We all gonna die. We bleed through similar veins
Please explain to me, now. Don't panic when my guns burst
Heard the last jam, nigga? This one's worse!
My nigga Bone held the chrome 'til I came home
Thug love players tell these bitch niggas "bring it on"
I caught a plane out to Cleveland late last evening
To help my niggas clean up some niggas no longer breathing
Now, who do you believe in? Hit the weed and breathe
It's a cold-ass world; niggas kill you in your sleep
Watch me until they stop me, bury, murder me or drop me
I got thug love for my nationwide posse. Feel me!

[Verse 3: Sylk E. Fyne]
A bitch like Sylk-E catch ya slippin' soon as you forget and trippin'
South Central stompin' motherfuckers bloodin' and crippin' lil' ripstress
So let me kick it, I'm tired of hearin' that fake shit
I roll with real bitches, thugstas, and pimps
Got to repent, heaven sent since I was a small girl
Asked The Lord to save my soul from this cold ass world
Life unfolds, I unload to keep my sanity
I guess it's just the B.I.T.C.H. in me

[Verse 4: Bizzy Bone]
Well, it must be close to the Armageddon, Lord
Know that I won't fly by that lesson
You taught me to pull out my Wesson you bought me
And I'm not stressing it softly
Get 'em up off me, cause all we
Wanted was harmony, been bombing em
Yell up out of my ghetto, I won't settle, get on my level
They can't stop me and pop me
Nigga, they got me? Fuck no
Little Pac gets schizophrenic, and manage to damage all y'all
I'll talk about 'em, and you don't really want it
Cause they're cornered, and I'm want 'em to not jump
I'd rather say that we came to shut 'em all down
So quick to test, bullet, yes, declare war
Roll, I'll flow when I get the gun for the murder
Mo' horror! Why? They did it all, pause for the cause
And I finna to pull a 9 or pistol, and lit a nigga with mine
Fuck them niggas, it's on
All y'all fall! Bizzy getting bitches to test me
Bless the floor, and any attempt to arrest me, stress me
Lord, looking at death with the last of my breath
Follow, follow, my kids!
No, don't sin in my steps!
Yet the weapon is kept with the best of my secrets
Deep in the reach, I'm alone. Nigga believe
That I can see it, if needed, and if you really with me
And well then let it be, get the greens
And we running up over Cleveland, Cleveland, Cleveland, Cleveland, Cleveland...(*lighter clicking in the background*)
Now this is what I'm talking about baby (*inhaling*)

[Repeat 2X]
And this is for the weed heads and this is for the weedheads
Get a bag of dope and a quarter o

[Hook: repeat 2X] (2nd and 4th time at end in background "wanna get high get high")
So who want a bag who want a bag
You want a bag you want a bag you got a bag
So send 'em out the door to the liquor store
Get a bag of dope in a quarter o

[Bizzy Bone]
Alright homies legalize reefer leaves and nines
Some of them say we evil a little sumthin sumthin for my people
And though I know that weed will even out your debt
Love everything green roll blunts from boxes of cigars said
Gonna get ya fucked up wanna get ya fucked up
When you take one hit then I make you hush up nigga shut the fuck up
No stems no indo and chronic hydro and skunk and I can think of some more ohh
Yeah time to smoke said so I know high day come around on friday
Toke the bowl breath deep boy yes then we pray
As the reefer help me see more everyday woulda me coulda me be Heaven sent
One hell of a superstar bowl every first friday of the month
And your humbily invited were truly humbly united
Enemies and all of ya'll hate on when I get my fade on
I'm so high

[Hook]

[Bizzy Bone]
On new year smokin the potent buddha (buddha)
There ain't nuthin like that buddha lovin bomb shit
Fat enough that it will make me move ya sooth ya
Reefer creeper seepin in my sneakers seepin in my shiva heave her (nigga) you
Better believe us even when we lonly weed won't leave us
Not like these fake niggas that decieve us
All day the weed man dizzy we be better make it seedless
Life ain't easy put it on eazy but we still breathin
Takin a hit of the reefer sendin me straight to heaven
Chokin with my breezy
That herbal healin
And dont ya wanna feel that feelin and dont you wanna spend your scrilla
And givin the weed to the killas niggas forget why they killin (hell ya)
I heard they heard they heard they out here fuckin wit pills
Nigga those chemicals will make you ill so get off the ecstasy
So to the realers mysterious and pass the rush
Off a box (a box) sellin me skunk (skunk) out of me trunk (trunk)
Show nuff show nuff show nuff show nuff

[Hook]

[Bizzy Bone]
Thug that talkin till we love that love that that
Dont legalize cuz they know we can
Gettin high just to get by
Through all the suicides and homicides
And genocides drivebys walkbys gonna multiply
And chalk lines in the towns in the h-double-o-d hood and it would rain
And it ain't all were it ain't all and it ain't all and it ain't all good
I started at eleven stealin weed from poppa's keeper
And even though you beat us I gotta thank you for the reefer
Neva mess with white girls but I roll those white boys
Niggas come out the pen and they roll some tight joints tight joints
My shit is swollen you shouldn't be rollin
Livin on green leaves that will make your heart bleed for the moment
Just go and let me split up the weed and be silent and sober
No jokin when the nieghbers door is open you want to come over
We smokin tokin and now we chokin tokin and then we chokin chokin chokin
Chokin chokin chokin chokin chokin
I'm so high

[Hook] - repeat until endFor the ghetto media
Don't let the light skin fool y'all
I will fuck you up

[Hook]
This is what it sounds like, when thugz cry (3X)
This is what it sounds like
When thugz cry, when thugz cry
This is what it sounds like, when thugz cry (4X)
This is what it sounds like
When thugz cry, when thugz cry

[Verse 1]
Nigga we represent the planet get schizophrenic and panic
Maybe the past would understand
If they'd get off their ass and mash
How do you manage?
Paranoid, don't even trust my boyz
Watch for the plot and delays envoys
Scopin like a dope fiend
But I'm smokin in the alleyz
With these ghetto guns and erase my funds
Watts niggas in Cali take bullets to the brain
Still rowdy, Jesus really never died
You crucified mutual suicide, who am I?
Local with vocals going coast to coast
Heaven'll move me right fo sho
Deception weather my brethren
But sunny days when they parlay
Get killed when they get to steppin
Member the wepon's close
And the doctor said
I need time to myself on the ocean
Those frivolous thoughts
But I'm brought up of this independent
Caught up sever relentless
Evil intentions nobody knows him
Even the henchmen warrior, poet
Never did mention
I love my lady rebel
We can get this stroke on, we can get this stroke on
And we can get this stroke on, and we can get this stroke on

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
We keepin the light on at Ruthless and
I ain't fuckin the boss
Lookin at me sexy
Take your clothes off
But my dick'll go soft!
Never mix bussiness with your sickness
Enemy see me flipin in the picnic
With your lil' divide and conquer
But my sister was ready to bomb her!
Get off the dizznik and off my voice
Me and my boyz
Give us a choice
How could you tell Sony that I was the
Only one making noise
Ain't it a breech of trust
Look in the gutter,unh, never judge yo book
By it's cover word to the motherfucka
I....I didn't stutter but what if I lost it and
Came in the office and nobody noticed
With liquid explosive on top of Versace
Clothes give up the ghost
Krayzie's Picasso, lil' Layzie like Caesar
Stacks like lil' Pesi N Casino and
Wish don't give a fuck! O
I'm Gambino -n- the walkin dead
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed
Bible of survival Triple six rivals, triple six rivals
Member you said I read but rode with
Killas, Niggas that'll bust in tha club you don't
Feels us strapped in the bed
Strapped pickin up the kids in the realist
The realist, the realist, the realist

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
It'll make your body shake when it's too late soon as
You flipped off the saftey baby this we all day
Don't tell me you crazy
Will they sell me? Hell Naw!
For the reason this weepin widow be the demon
So cheap and at least she go peepin go peep deep
Dead in yo pockets no sleep
Rollin with my crucifix Lucifer usually uses
The rule of these wicked tricks in the school
Of these ghetto games and the fool of this bitch mist
I say shame, shame, shame
Enemies attacking me
Actually I'm in the grain ask Mr. Majesty
These casualties well they're passin me by
But I hear death callin when it's so cold in the room
Who's stalling better come after me
We say fuck y'all
All in the battle we, battle we, battle we

[Hook]

When thugz
When thugz
When thugz
When thugz
When thugz
When thugz
When thugz
When thugz
When thugz cry[Intro: Bizzy Bone (DJ Paul)]
You already know
Bone Thug is in the building (Da Mafia 6ix up in here)
Put your motherfucking lighters in the air (Yeah)
Fully automatic bitch I put a bullet in your head
(It's bout to go down, the world been waitin on this)
(Mafia 6, Bone, SpaceGhostPurrp, J-Green, let's go)

[Bridge: SpaceGhostPurrp]
Murder on my fucking mind, I think about it all the time
Murder on my fucking mind, I think about it all the time

[Hook x2: SpaceGhostPurrp]
Gone up off that shit my nigga, don't you know I'm fucked up?
Run up on you with that nine, I don't fuck with bustas
Gone up off that shit my nigga, don't you know I'm fucked up?
Run up on you with that nine, I don't fuck with bustas

[Verse 1: DJ Paul]
I got Glocks, Tec-9s
Shoot you in your motherfucking face
These haters better run
Cause I'm gunning automatic with a extra clip on my waist
These niggas bout to beat it
Chop 'em with the choppa, get the chalk up in the body bag
Body bag, body bag, we some hood niggas, we ain't got a body bag
Put his ass in a motherfucking glad bag
To be honest I'm really glad his ass dead
Bout to go and do the same to his mom and dad
Ring the door bell, like I got somethin' to tell
Soon as he answers send their ass straight to hell
They ain't had shit to do with it, oh well!
But bitch shoot up your jaws that ain't fucking tell
If I'm mad at one than I'm grabbing my gun
And a motherfuckin body gon' be there

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Bizzy Bone]
Half of these niggas they don't put in any rhyme
Laugh at these niggas, they don't put in any time
Put a foot up in yo ass, I put a gun in every line
Fully automatic stepping to the static every time
Take you niggas every time, subliminal the criminal
When everybody dies, see the spirit [?]
If the spirit should be mine, I'mma fight up in this mothafucka
Walk it in this mothafucka, killing every enemy I see
Gimme my nine, hit 'em with the kinda little bullets that'll duck you from the bridges to the pond
[?] fence to the zig zag line
Get tense, I'm relentless, I put a bullet in his mind
Not a bully but I'm tough from the grit and the grime
Niggas slick, niggas slime, niggas crip, they can die
With a kill switch, kill shit, how you wanna deal with it?
Elevator, come in that motherfucker, for real nigga

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Gangsta Boo]
Bitches better duck from the buck
Another double barreled pump plus a trunk for a nigga that'll slip
Niggas know the business when I'm all in Memphis
Never love a rookie sucker, take a nigga trip when I rip
Ain't that right? Skinny Pimp told you hoes before
Crazy as a motherfucker, nigga ye ain't know?
You better ask the last fuck [?]
I catch a charge, kickin' her down, yeah straight through the floor
Kill, first forty-eight all up in my mind
Six six six, see it all up in the sky
SpaceGhostPurrp all black on with the mask on
You can tell a killer lookin' in his eyes
Mafia Six with the Evil shit
Burn a nigga body, drop it in a ditch
Ain't no way you can win when the devil walks in
Devil's daughter yeah I'm up in this bitch

[Verse 4: Koopsta Knicca]
Please don't worry [?]
Make yo bitch gone [?] slow
Make this to a murder [?]
We back up in the hood then fuck yo God
Pray to the faith [?] well
Got me [?]
Hitlist, Nigel, Lucifer, Satan
Who got to kid you bitches [?] it breaks my heart
Come lookin' the stars then I'm breakin to someones house

[Verse 5: Krayzie Bone]
Money owed, so it's murder on my mind
Finger itchin' on the trigger of my nine millimeter
I'm a killer if the murder make me richer
You'll for certain be the victim if it make a nigga skrilla, gorilla
Hit you with the guerrilla crimes
I haven't ever really been a friend of mine
Hustle hard through the fall, spring, summer, winter time
Sip a lotta Henn', hit the weed, sniff a line
Now I'm ready, let's go
Now I'm on my Superman grind
Money burstin' out tha pocket so my heater, may it shine
But let's face it, every time a nigga made it
You got the jealous tryna to take it
So you gotta sucker shake it, shake 'em off
Finna stay strapped you may have to break a bone
Wanna play Bone? Somebody gotta pay the cost
Gotta get mine, I can't afford to take a loss
Even if that means it's murder
[?] on the scene
[?] build a fire at the party, everybody can bleed
They can die, they can die
They can die, they can die, die
It's like I been 'em and put venom in 'em
And then I'm on a nigga, kill 'em till I'm finished wit 'em
Finished wit 'em
One for the gun, two for redrum, murder
Three, see them bleed
Four, never coming back no more, more, more
He dead, he dead, he dead
He never coming back no more, more, more
This is your life, we will not let you breathe no more
RedruM, redruM, redruM
RedruM, redruM, redruM

[Outro: DJ Paul]
Six hundred and sixty six, six hundred and sixty six
Six hundred and 666, six hundred and 666 (x2)[Hook]
We love the reggae and jazz, the rock-n-roll can be cool
Alternative to, we love the rhythm and blues
But I'm a hip-hop baby, from the heart I never flip flop baby

We love the reggae and jazz, the rock-n-roll can be cool
Alternative to, we love the rhythm and blues
But I'm a hip-hop baby, from the heart I never flip flop baby

[Layzie]
If it wasn't for my music, tell me where would I be
Where would I be, probably standin' on the hot block
Sellin' crack rock, runnin' them streets, runnin' them streets
I say my music is my best friend, my confidan I love the way we live
As one together we the perfect bunch, me and my radio
Doin' ninety on the freeway no other way to go
And I like to feel the rhythm, the beat be bumpin' don't it
And I love to give it to y'all because I know you want it
And if you feel like I feel you love the rhythm and blues
Reggae and jazz, and rock-n-roll can be cool
But I'm a hip-hop baby, it's from the heart I never flip flop baby
Gimme a drank and a song and I'll be stress free kickin' it
All night long

[Krayzie]
It ain't nothin' like hip-hop music careful how you use it
And please don't abuse it when you do it music can keep the party
People dressin' up put your mind in a trans and keep you happy
Give it a chance come on, just flow with the music
Get blowed off with music, when I was thirteen
I got the king I had a dream to be one of the greatest musicians
In life so they remember when I die, I love, I love music
It's got me stayin' alive, and if you took my mic right now
One thing you'll never do is take my love away
Cause I'm a hip-hop baby, from the heart I never flip-flop baby

[Hook]

[Bizzy]
Tossin' and turnin' I'm burnin' with different melodies, words
My niggas tellin' me sellin' it to the world, been rappin'
Since the day I heard Rakim, and Dana Dane, Dougie Fresh
Slick Rick, always been a singer mayn, late night foster home
Workin' on perfection on selection of the songs that I heard
Was my direction, as for Tommy was my girlfriend rollin' the wrap
Said I'm the baddest mammma-jammma half white and black
And my babies that Jodeci six with Sabrina, little Bri
Beau Briamous, Mo, and Shaniqa, little Trey-Trey, Destiny, and plus
Aliya and the newest one is Shelby, I can't wait 'til I see her
The other music in my physical form since they was born
I be singin' with tears in my eyes as I perform for the whole world
Until I die like Confuscious tell the world my name is Brian
I'm in love with my music (what, uh, uh)
Cause I'm a hip-hop baby, cause I'm a hip-hop baby
Cause I'm a hip-hop baby, cause I'm a hip-hop..

[Layzie]
Now everybody got that jam that make you get up, wanna boogie
To the beat now, and if it wasn't for the jones and the strings
And the lyrics that we sing what would life really mean now
Would it be just as fun, would you kick it the same, could you
Live with out it, could you still maintain, my thang is
Crank up the volume, because it helps me escape from my problems
'Til I solve 'em, and I'm a solve 'em, it's all music, Bone Thug
Music

[Hook](Bizzy)
What are you goin' through? What are you goin' through?
If you only knew, if only you knew
What are you goin' through? What are you goin' through?
If you only knew
(Nobody can stop me Damn)
Nobody can stop me, now Nobody can stop me, now
What are you goin' through? What are you goin' through?
If you only knew
(Nobody can stop me)
What are you goin' through? What are you goin' through?
If you only knew, if you only knew

(Bizzy)
Look at my sister sadden when my baby's mammy
Like she can't stand me
Say family be the first to turn so pity (?)
Filamina, my granny, celebrate the grammy damn
Nobody knew no plannin' was so perfect
Rollin' my (?), never forget the Bones
Trippin' on foster homes
Sayin' I wasn't manly with a scarred up soul
Why can't my skeletons understand me
What if I said I was molested
Would you look at me peel
But I keep on bailin
And I hope I don't go to hell, stressed I will
Can I sell my bio? I was born in Ohio
Already on trial
Cause Pops said I looked too light, but mom 's just white
But I still had your smile
And look at me now gotta be proud of myself
Ain't nobody else soundin' so worried about my health
And all the while takin' care of my kids
How would they live
If I ain't hustlin', strugglin', (trustin') still keepin' Jesus a part of
Solution
He gives life in the lungs
Breath through tongue
Now here it comes
Now, here it comes; and here we go

(chorus)
Nobody can stop me, now Nobody can stop me, now
Nobody can stop me, now Nobody can stop me, now
If only you knew
What am I goin' through, goin' through, goin' through?

(Bizzy)
And my mama took plenty beatings
Now in her third damn marriage and man
Actin' like he cares apparently 'till you perish
But I was always there for you
Even though you let me leave he's beatin the shit outta me, too
Probably why I got my bodyguards
And I'm in charge
Watch me sleep the pay is meek
But stay with me
And keep my heart collateral, we'll never break apart
Y'all didn't see me with Eazy, as a child of god
With the underdog
Never applaud once you reminisce through the ball
Movin' in Heaven's movie
Y'all, think of all that fucked-up shit you saw
Only if you knew what I was goin' through

(chorus)
What am I goin' through, goin' through, goin' through?
If only you knew
Nobody can stop me, now nobody can stop me, now
Nobody can stop me, now nobody can stop me, now
If only you knew
What am I goin' through, goin' through, goin' through?

(Bizzy)
Flashback to may and with the weight of the world
Can't stop my girl from steppin
Lookin' for affection in wrong places
My lesson be learned world turns
The early bird gets the worm
What if it's rotten while you rushin' for love and get burned?
Five kids and that's my only concern
I was a father before I became a man society don't comprehend
Callin' me worthless but I could purchase what they purchase
But I understand behind closed curtains you workin' on being a man
Death scares me
But Jesus will prepare me
And hopefully repair me
As god would want him to, really really
Ghetto media see the thug
Watch your sins
Then it's true you can be born again

(chorus) (repeat till end)
What am I goin' through, goin' through, goin' through?
Nobody can stop me, now Nobody can stop me, now
Nobody can stop me, now Nobody can stop me, nowArtist: Immature f/ Bizzy Bone
Album: Give Up the Ghost 12"
Song: Give Up the Ghost

That's right that's right

Bizzy Bone - That's right, that's right. LDB
LDB - What's happinin?
Bizzy Bone - Romeo
Romeo - What's up?
Bizzy Bone - Batman
Batman - Yo yo Bizzy
Bizzy Bone - That's right
Romeo - Let it go
Bizzy Bone - What? What?

Bizzy Bone - Load your revolvers po-po's
Seranatin Murda with an eye for an eye
Goin and killin yah soon will die, my
Sendin you to the Lord because nobody wants to worry yah, serve yah
Everyday seems shorter, and murda gonna search for yah [for yah]

Batman - I go walk across the road, across the road [across the road]
I just think about my life how I grow old [how I grow old]
And I think about the things that people do [that people do]
And who cares if they can't help those helpless few
[Those helpless few]
And I see just how this world has been ruined. Well what can we do?
What can we do, what can we do? [we do, we do, we do, we do, we do...]
Well what can we do? What can we do? What can we do?
Peace to the end of the road that's where we go
[Where we go, where we go, we go, we go]

Bizzy Bone - Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Coast to Coast]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Ohh yeah..]
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Give up the Ghost]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[That's where we are.. Give up the Ghost]
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[From Coast to Coast give up the Ghost]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Coast to Coast]
From across the coast to give up the ghost [ghost]

Bizzy Bone - And search, and search
And rule ten, better not use thy name in vain
And the children are our future, then they shoot us, maintain
Rule two, thou shall not steal
But I did and I will especially for my babies
My Mother will pay my bills, and in my wheelchair
I get (????), and they gave me free meals, and I seen em make a mill
And until that day we'll keep rollin. Fillin it up with red-rum
From the East to the West to the planet
Betta pay attention to the Ten Commandments [Ten Commandments]

Bizzy Bone - Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[It's where we go]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Give up the Ghost]
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Coast to Coast, Ghost to Ghost]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Give up the Ghost, Yeah!]
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Come across the coast to give up the ghost]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Give up the ghost]
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Ohh Yeah, Ohh...]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Ahh...]
Batman - Ah, everybody out there [there] just hear me out [hear me out]
From coast to coast from coast to coast
Give up the ghost [give up the ghost]
All our home-people don't know just what to do [just what to do]
Cause there's a coffin over there waiting for you [waiting for you]
Download all the evil from your mind, your mind. [Yeah!]
Download all the evil from your mind [your mind, mind]
[Come on, That's right, Immature, Bizzy Bone]
When your soul is gone, when will we fall [fall]?
Peace to the end of the road that's where we go [we go, we go]

Bizzy Bone - Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Ohh...]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Give up the Ghost..Yeah!]
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Coast to Coast..Yeah!]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Give up the Ghost]
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Give up the Ghost]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Going Coast to Coast]
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Going Coast to Coast Yeah...]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Ohh...]

Bizzy Bone - Understand it if you claim it. You standin in my way
[Give up the Ghost.. Yeah!] So peace out to the murdered family
But it ain't really none of your business. Say a Prayer, Pray!
Get on your knees and you pray. Everyday you pray, and stay away
No matter [Ohh...] what no one else say

Bizzy Bone - Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Give up the ghost.. Yeah!]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Going coast to coast yeah!]
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Give up the ghost]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[From across the coast, give up the ghost, going coast to coast]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Yeah...]
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Yeah!.. baby yeah!]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Ahh...]

Bizzy Bone - Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[Going coast to coast to give up the ghost, the ghost..Baby!]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
[From coast to Coast give up the ghost]
From across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost
Come across the coast to give up the ghost, ghost[Intro: Bizzy]
Ain't she bueno, mi amor
I represent a, dios, the uno

[Bizzy Bone]
And I was told to write this
Miss you in the worst way, I can't fight this
Give me a stick or a candle so I can light this, c'mon
Baby I love you, and I was told to write this
Miss you in the worst way, I can't fight this, huh
Give me a stick or a candle so I can light this
Baby don't wanna hit it, is you chicken like Tyson?
Baby you hear me, for the moment while I'm walkin in the Garden
Madison Square, New York, New York, whatever I beg your pardon
I been lookin for you, not to be a stalker so I'm keepin my distance
I'd rather sing to you and hope that you'll listen
I'm reminiscin on the rib, how much did I give?
Keep that money honey, I can eat Ramen Noodles and live
What about the kid, ain't the children, better watch those numbers
I got on my silk clothes, I'm so prepared for the slumber

[Hook: Bizzy Bone]
We go all day, all day, all day
All night, all night all night
All day, all day, all day
All night, all day all day all day all day... {*echoes*}
All day all day all day all day... {*echoes*}

[Bizzy Bone]
I hear you whiskin me away, in a brand new ride
I don't have to worry 'bout the Caeser, and the money's inside
The father tellin me to win, and I'm goin for mine
You can reject me if you wanna, it's the sign of the times
I like the {?} after the rhyme, the beef prime
Baby I don't believe you but I'm feelin you Bryon
It's all good, wanna cry, your presence steadily takin me
In the same direction, of the Father who made me
It's gettin crazy in the Garden of Eden without my lady
Baby, can't you see, that I'm yo' baby
Walkin around and I'm thinkin of you
And I feel like you cut my fuckin head off, but I know it's not true
I see you throwin up the one more and more and more and more than ever
Forever your love I spiritually kiss you I can remember
I see you throwin up the one, more and more and more
Forever your love I spiritually kiss you I remember

[Hook: Bizzy Bone]
All day, all day, all day
All day, all night all night
All day, all day, all day
All day, all niiiiiiight... in another life {*echoes*}
Blast on these motherfuckers!

[Bizzy Bone]
In another life, when you held me close
Said it'll be all right, and you love me so
Screamin your name and I'm feelin like you predicted it
But baby I didn't plan it but it happened little baby, didn't it?
You feelin it the love of the Father, so subsidiary never
It's the love of the people that we cherish like September
I cherish your voice, your spirit and yo' life and your breath
I feel you righteous, I feel you righteous to death
So tell Alicia, love and respect, and of course, the kid in love
I got a question what they say I've been waitin, from up above
Tryin harder everything, but you stay in my heart
I'm finna cry little baby don't even start
You better believe it, 'lieve it
All day - you better retrieve it, 'trieve it {*echoes*}

[Outro: Bizzy]
All day, all day, all day
All day, all day all day
All day, all day all day
Haha, yeah
One time for they mind, what?
One time for they mind, what?
Buck, buck buck, buck buck
One time for they mind, what?
One time, one time, one time for they mind, what?
One time, buck buck buck buck buck buck buck buck!
Brrrra, brrrra, brrrra, brrrra, brrrra, brrrra, brrrra, brrrra!
One...[Intro]
Yeah, ha, that's what I'm talkin' about y'all
(All in together now, now)
It's another studio rap production
(What are you doing to me)
Please believe me, yeah come on baby
(I like the way she do's it)
Let me show 'em how we do it
(And she loves the way I does it)

[Chorus]
All in together now (now, now, now)
What are you doing to me (to me, to me)
I like the way she do's it
And she loves the way I does it
Makes a brotha really wanna say
All in together now (now, now, now)
What are you doing to me (to me, to me)
I like the way she do's it
And she loves the way I does it
Makes a brotha really wanna say

[Verse 1]
You can ride it all night, feel the erection deep in your section
I gotta pocket full of protection, she's sleepin'
I'm cookin' breakfast, heh
Still gettin' followed by those hip-hop fans
It ain't a thang for me to get swallowed, I get zip-hop head
Let me be your baby daddy, I keep sprayin'
And please don't be that misunderstood, I'm from the hood
It'll be good to be dead, talk about taste that
Get it on, don't waste that, eat it all, like asap
Video recorded, watch how we play it back
Did it all, like way back, live it up, and lay back
Soon as I reach my climax, hit the weed, and freak the black
Lookin' at me while I'm countin' this money stacks
So sexy, your man be cryin' and don't he say yeah
You could get the best of me, watch my back
You could take charge, while we in the car
Gon' make me lick that ass, be in your stomach
And nervous you heart, talk about taste that, get it all
Don't waste that, eat it all, like asap
Video recorded, watch how we play it back

[Chorus]
All in together now (now, now, now)
What are you doing to me (to me, to me)
I like the way she do's it
And she loves the way I does it
Makes a brotha really wanna say
All in together now (now, now, now)
What are you doing to me (to me, to me)
I like the way she do's it
And she loves the way I does it
Makes a brotha really wanna say

[Verse 2]
How many people have slept in your bed, it's one of my questions
Please, that's why we at the hotel
Respect the presidential suite, eatin' up all of my strawberry's
Drinkin' up all of my good Belvi
With a pocket full of magnum rubbers, double XL
That's what they tell me, anything, like "B" I love you
Baby you know you lyin', you only know Bizzy, you don't know Brian
You think that my bud is to soft, I see you cryin' pitiful
And don't get mad, you fuck 'em for strictly physical
I fucked you with spiritual, up, my baby's mommas
And she know who she is
And she can never come get that taste again
I'm comin' to get my rim, but I think you know this
And I got people in the streets wonderin'
How'd you ever get close to one of my fortresses
I gave you marriage, didn't know what to do with it
Confused on top of the stick shift
Didn't know how to work my clutch knit whit
And I tried to teach the taste of temptation
To take the ticket, I had to leave you
As soon as you pulled that trigger, you so wicked

[Chorus]
All in together now (now, now, now)
What are you doing to me (to me, to me)
I like the way she do's it
And she loves the way I does it
Makes a brotha really wanna say
All in together now (now, now, now)
What are you doing to me (to me, to me)
I like the way she do's it
And she loves the way I does it
Makes a brotha really wanna say

[Verse 3]
Here's the words, I love you like the Felatio baby
Don't smother, we came at the same time, uhh, you like that
Each silouette she teach pilouette eat me wrong
Don't you rock that, little freaky deaky, sneak in the back
Of the four door, you like that, won't you try that
Let me put it up in the door...Roooh!...to the 'lation
Elevation take us standin' with wickeness
Tendecies candle wick and it's hot, you got me shakin'
Soon as I'm finished, I roll up some spinach
And fillish the village my niggas, and killas
And dealas, got a low down work, and the bitch was mysterious
Somebody wanna kill us, MOB like bail, bitch
I'm best when I'm thuggin', check my energy out of the retro
And I'm thuggin' in Columbus, yeah, long live the king
And the queen, but our whole regime, and a beam
From tipsy bitches, flip these tipsy bitches, lets split
Man a bitch can cut me, fuck my homies
Be a dyke and spike my hennesey, it gotta be satan testin' me
Only God control my destiny
And your other nigga don't impress me
Watch suckas for the lust of that deadly, meadly
Love me, let's be friends, let's be friends
Uhh, yeah

[Chorus]
All in together now (now, now, now)
What are you doing to me (to me, to me)
I like the way she do's it
And she loves the way I does it
Makes a brotha really wanna say
All in together now (now, now, now)
What are you doing to me (to me, to me)
I like the way she do's it
And she loves the way I does it
Makes a brotha really wanna say[Verse: 1]
Now tell tha devil I can taste hurr (her)
I pull tha pin out my grenade
It's time to pray to whom ever you muthafukkas praying turr (to)
Now heres my cavalry...
My supernatural gamma ray to wreck yurr nation
Dear Lord show them the way...
I feel like I'm the only one whose truly standing for tha Sav... yurr (Saviour)
Because I come from Heavens gate...
Ain't nothing peculiar about the way that I was raised up...

[Chorus]
And my army's on the way...
And my army love to play...
Jump out and pullin' tha pistol
Puttin' it on they're temple make em speak to ya, speak to ya
And my army's on the way
Jump out the, jump out the, jump out the hummer lemme speak to ya, speak to ya

[Bridge]
Didn't expect that they did it
And didn't expect it that they telling they gentlemen
Enemies coming in every direction
And even the weather was giving them hell
And they weeping and wailing
And throwing they dust on they heads and the medicine
Won't even help em
And it's for the welts and the belts of Orion
The sediments elements...

[Chorus]
And my army love to play...
Jump out and pullin' tha pistol
Puttin' it on they're temple make em speak to ya, speak to ya
And my army's on the way
Jump out the, jump out the, jump out the hummer lemme speak to ya, speak to ya
And my army love to play...
Jump out and pullin' tha pistol
Puttin' it on they're temple make em speak to ya, speak to ya

[Verse: 2]
We mix that opium with ree... furr (reefer)
We get so high and naked I can cause a planetary telescopic sei... jurr (seizure)
We show them the way ta win the war
And every world that's if we'll live until to be lead... urrs (leaders)
Before we leave we best ta pray
And praise the Lord
And pass tha ammunition
Nigga give me that hea... durr (heater)
I see they people on they way
And they not playing
They come strapped
And ready to blaze
It's time for us to be they rea... purr (reaper)

[Chorus]
And my army love to play
Jump out and pullin' tha pistol
Puttin' it on they're temple make em speak to ya, speak to ya [x2]

[Bridge]
Didn't expect that they did it
And didn't expect it that they telling they gentlemen
Enemies coming in every direction
And even the weather was giving them hell
And they weeping and wailing
And throwing they dust on they heads and the medicine
Won't even help em
And it's for the welts and the belts of Orion
The sediments elements...

[Chorus] x2
And my army love to play
Jump out and pullin' tha pistol
Puttin' it on they're temple make em speak to ya, speak to ya
And my army's on the way
Jump out the, jump out the, jump out the hummer lemme speak to ya, speak to yaBizzy Bone It's the Dog, Bizzy Bone
Got the Dog
You got Bizzy Bone ya man
Undisputed champion boy
Here's how it's done aight

[Hook]
I love you in a place, Where there's no space or time
I love you, for the life, You're a friend of mine
And when my life is over, Remember when we were together
We were alone, and I was singing this song to you

[Bizzy Bone]
Fully-Automatic, Whateva you want to know
We got's to cry, That I
Stand in the back and ready, Attack
And ready for combat, I
Heavly heated, Weeded, Beat it, Need it, See it
Get it, Get it, Get it, Good, Don't get it missunderstood
My homey, Only homey, Walking and we talking fo' sho
And I'm a be with him in the end with forgiveness, No more
And remember the words are (herb?) perfict, How could I be worthy
And when I feel so dam dirty, Dirty
By leaning on a leer jet, Baby ain't here yet
Henny, Caffeine, & nicotine, Notice I left out the green
Notice I never brake a set, Who's that Fuck it
I don't even know the chick, I don't even know that shit
Ex me, Perplex me, Flex on decks man
Chastment, Investment, Quiet as kept
I say now, (Man, Man, Man, Man)
Ex me, Perplex me, Flex on decks man
Chastment, Investment, Quiet as kept
Fair

[Hook]
I love you in a place, Where there's no space or time
I love you, for the life, You're a friend of mine
And when my life is over, Remember when we were together
We were alone, and I was singing this song to you

[DMX]
Mad stressed, that I can't even sleep were I rest
So now I were a vest, but what if I don't catch it in the chest
Then I'm out, just like the light when the powers gone
And there's another tombstone, the childs putin flowers on
Long live the dream, of making enough cream
Were I won't have to skeem, or roll aroud with the team
And niggas I can't trust, and I mite have to bust
Over something dumb, know where I'm coming from fuck the fuss
It's to much to bare, and everyday is getting worse
Got me plotin on my peeps, and how to get'em first
It's something to make a nigga strive, and {Stay alive}
So I wach my own back {With a black 45}

Are thay coming? Thay coming to get us
"I'm ready For eva", they never defeat you
Thay'll never deceipt ya!

"WHAT!, Come on"

And were are thay coming? Thay coming to get us
"I'm ready For eva", the love of the future
Thay'll never defeat ya!

"YEAH!, Come on"

I love you in a place (I love you), Where there's no space or time (Time)
I love you, for my life (I love you), You're a friend of mine (Mine)
And when my life is over, Remember when we were together
We were alone, and I was singing this song to you
Tell me do you remember, Cause Baby I Remember
We were alone, and I was singin my song

My homey, Only homey, Walking and we talking fo' sho
And I'm a be with him in the end with forgiveness, No more
And remember the words are perfict, How could I be worthy?
And when I feel so dam dirty, Dirty

I love you in a place, (I love you) Where there's no space or time (Time)
I love you, for my life, (I love you) You're a friend of mine (Mine)
And when my life is over, Remember when we were together
We were alone, and I was singing this song to you
{Donny Hathaway} I was singin my song {Rest In Peace, Baby}
To you and only you, babyIntro
Yeah, yeah yeah yeah I guess everybody know. You know what im sayin'? I took my walk. You know what I'm sayin'? Exposed myself. You know what I'm sayin'? Cleaning up, cleansed up, cut my hair. You know what I'm sayin'? That motherfuckers like man whats wrong with this motherfucker man is this dude crazy or something? But you know its all good man out on the rest part motherfuckers think theres really somethign wrong with me man

Bizzy Bone
The moment of time, when we makin'.. like I'm feelin' it
Lovin' it, livin' it, rippin' it, flesh...
Rollin' a blunt, and knockin' it, and baby, I want it for real
Keepin' it moving as fast as I can with no physical father
The pressures of steel (the pressure of steel)
And everyday, and in everyway, tellin' me do what I do, and it's cool
Remember my homies, remember my friends, I'm not going to lie to you, thought they was cool
Roll to the club, a bottle of bub, talk about love
Remember the chill, went to the lord, and the heavenly father is all that I have for real
All that I need, all that I want, nobody can mirror me, baby you strained
I'd rather kick it with them anyway, I'd never be mad cause of Cane
It's not that I can't, but baby I ain't, remember the words, you'll never forget
Now treat yourself cause royalty riches and sinnin' and crippin and shit

Chorus
I'll be back in the high life again
(You better believe it youre going to be praisin' the lord for sho)
All the doors I closed one time will open up again
(You better believe it youre going to be praisin' the lord for sho)
I'll be back in the high life again
(You better believe it youre going to be praisin' the lord for sho)
All the eyes that watched me once will smile and take me in
(You better believe it youre going to be praisin' the lord for sho)

Bizzy Bone
I know what they do, I know where they go
I'm breakin' it down it's looking like snow
Heavenly father you gave me my life and I'm trying to live
The people like no, the people like who (who), the people like what (what)
The people like where (where), which way did he go?
People they know but they won't admit it, it's all good, this is a pro
Out of the lord everybody will lead it, thought I was lost but look what was found
The Heavenly Father picked me up when I was down
They want me to choose but thats not my role
I'm saying my prayers to better my soul
To better my spirit to better my life and all that I had you already know
Get it some money and give me some clothes and give me a place to rest my head
In the name of the father the son and the holy spirit, amen
I'm feeling the east the peace we still I'm feelin the real I'm feeling the chill
And baby relax and rest your neck and rest your back
Heavenly father I thank you for everything life is good and you're the greatest
You're the best I'll tell the rest through all my prayers
And Heavenly father I thank you for everything life is good and you're the greatest
You're the best I'll tell the rest through all my prayers, we back baby

Chorus
I'll be back in the high life again
(You better believe it youre going to be praisin' the lord for sho)
All the doors I closed one time will open up again
(You better believe it youre going to be praisin' the lord for sho)
I'll be back in the high life again
(You better believe it youre going to be praisin' the lord for sho)
All the eyes that watched me once will smile and take me in
(You better believe it youre going to be praisin' the lord for sho)

Bizzy Bone
Forever and ever and ever and ever my baby I need you to please stay
What do
We say? It's ok, we can go together away
I'll never forget I cherish the
Moment, I cherish the day
The beautiful grace that's bought me good and it's
Your grace baby (it's your grace baby)
Finally free, I really don't care, I've done enough to feel the flare
Leave everything for you and you do cause this ain't for me
I'll never free almighty (almighty baby, almighty baby) I'll never free almighty baby
Nothing between but this is real remember the stars though shalt not kill
But if you ever ever need me I'll be standing in the battlefield
Peace for me please we need it, I've been in the mean green patches and the scenery heaven we pray us into scenery
(what a beautiful baby) what a beautiful baby, man down ten thirty
Huh, B in distress even ham(?) gets love yes
The water is good like it should I never forget I praise your name
Heavenly father daddy, heavenly father daddy(Bizzy)
Little Layzie made the plan up
And Wish said I wouldn't bust
Til he was witness to my sickness, started pickin' em off
What? When I was a baby, pops callin' me bitch, hurtin' my moms
Gimme the reason to stop your breathin'
And I will leave him eatin' lesions
I ain't even drop the bomb
In the nineties I'm at Juvi
Til I escaped in Cleveland, sinnin' and shootin' Uzis
You won't punk me, a stack don't front me
No crack, put it up and laugh
And get with the Bone Thugs mash
In the winter walkin', real weezy by myself
And dreams of hookin' with Eazy made me queasy
Maybe no food and bad health
You see, my forefathers left me no wealth, put it in my loins
And plus, my groins stay poised
And only count on yourself
Damn, who would've found thanks, swing I'm slick
And even though I'mma stick all of my shit, you better back off em, bitch
I remember CrackLand,broads blastin wit deuce deuces & missing,over some dick
I'm still laughin' on my mission

(Chorus)
You gotta be careful where you go
You gotta be careful what you do
You gotta be careful who you use
You gotta be careful who you choose

(Bizzy)
See, in the trenches with my henchmen
Respecting the blessings given on the commison
While my pops is all locked up in prison, I miss him
With no child hood tales, I was a daddy at twelve
Hell, I love my children all is well
Oh yeah, sell a key for payments
See my baby's need it daily
Lay Lay I see you're shady, huh
Niggas must be crazy
I love my lady but no way will she play me for pay, baby
And I'm down for mine, give up my money, money
Nigga, they can't fade me make it clear hustlin' year to year
Why don't you lend in need cause niggas is out here strugglin'
Holdin' back the tears, but it ain't nothin'
Somethin', somethin', but enough to blow up the functions
One of my homies that I buck with, oh

(Chorus: repeat 2X)
You gotta be careful where you go
You gotta be careful what you do
You gotta be careful who you use
You gotta be careful who you choose

(Bizzy)
You know what I tell her with hella attitude, do what you gotta do
Go fuck who you wanna fuck
Smoke with whoever you want to
Wait a minute when it might haunt you
And while every nigga in jail found the Lord
Cause it's time to visit the parole board
I stay strapped down, hold the gat down, hit the floor
I'm comin' up outta this motherfucker through the door
Niggas come when the money's abundant
But then start runnin' when it ain't no fun
And when the war gets close, and niggas get gun-sick
Tellin' me to think about my kids
Big bitch, swear to God, they ain't punk
You can turn a ho into a house wife
Or fake niggas into real niggas
Where everyone wanna be in the limelight
Or they wanna be the niggas to kill on the frontline
Stickin to the message
Cause other motherfuckers have you thinkin like prison
They ain't tryin to go to Heaven
Might as well pull out your weapon and blast yourself
I had a vision of a little division
I'm on a mission traveling the world
Talk to all the little children, the adults is fake
And don't listen, watch your back
A nigga had a premonition

(Chorus) (repeat 'til fade)
You gotta be careful where you go
You gotta be careful what you do
You gotta be careful who you use
You gotta be careful who you choose

(Bizzy - repeat 2X)
I don't wanna rock the pump
But I'mma do it if I have to pop the trunk
And I'mma get 'em niggas thinkin they missed me what
Nigga that thuggish ruggish fucked them up[Verse 1]
You have been sentenced to 567
I ain't even do shit what the fuck WHAT!! this is bullshit
Before I go (whoooo)

Momma momma I know I'm selling this marijuana god
I do what I wanna but god they won't give me a job
I scream and I holler and even tried to stop the cops
Block my get away I know I'm selling chop chop
God when they send me away on the ten pop
Waiting for, drama cause I'm skinny
The streets may be hideous but the heat was pretty
Candy made me die tittie why when we ride
On to the nitty gritty slide on the system of lies
With me and my pride I don't think I'm gonna make it alive (what)
Cause if I do
I'm a be institute
Sugar lies thugged out ever since PAC died
I know what thugstas all about make a sacrifice for Christ
These motherfuckers never could kill me twice (kill me twice)
Crack pipes on the playground playground playground playground playground

[Hook]
Before I go to jail yall
Hell nah don't let em put me in a cell lord
Prays god now (Repeat 3X)
Before I go to jail go to jail go to jail

[Verse 2]
As I sit in this jail cell hell
Reading the mail mom sent to me
I can tell she getting weary
Where my daddy at, I don't give a (fuck)
Nigga don't call me when his money stack ducking to kill us everyday
Where the love at Bone Thug brand new
I always been with god, but is god with you
I keep hearing these voices
Having a hell of my choices
And telling us the poisons on my soul and hennessy was the ointment
Seeeeee, Saten still the enemy
Never been a friend of me
Especially in the fast lane
I can't pretend to be an angel when I'm only a servant
Content in service to the one and only undisputed with common courtesy
None of yall could've been worse then me, I've stoled things that I ain't proud of
I won't even mention the power
CD I was getting near it
If I die today I, I'd die a happy man god bless the family

[Hook]
Before I go to jail yall
Hell nah don't let em put me in a cell lord
Prays god now (Repeat 3X)
Before I go to jail go to jail go to jail

[Verse 3]
Damn nobody sent me 20 dollars
And my baby's mama's fraid to kiss me
You don't miss me I don't blame her I made it to be
Family kept on dissin me
And got a letter I'm hoping to die quickly
Hoping to die swiftly
I'm going to take all these niggas with me
And keep on testing me in the water and wonder why I don't cry
Cause they stiff as me
520 years what the fuck is 5 more
What am I here for cause I was blasting at the five O
Lil run and blow it up
My niggas grown up
Throwing up gang signs
And I was praying at the same time
I tell em slow it up
Hell no
And don't you wind up in this hell hold
If I can do it all again
When I becoming a man
Learning in prison
All these criminals yall don't know how the fuck they living
But I ain't given up reading the bible everyday
And only god can say I can pray

[Hook]
Before I go to jail yall
Hell nah don't let em put me in a cell lord
Prays god now (Repeat 3X)
Before I go to jail go to jail go to jail[Intro]
(Yeah!) Yeah, Bizzy the Kid, the midwest cowboy
Galloping to a hood near you
Imagine me being signed to B2K (What!)
What you fuckin' think you could pay me in monopoly money
Man I will smack one of you bitches in the head
With a baseball bat, but I ain't fuckin' around

[Hook]
You run, and you hide..
Better hide, better hide
And you run, and you and hide..
Better hide, hide..
You run, and you hide..
Better hide, better hide
And you run, and you and hide..
Better hide, hide..

[Verse 1]
Son of a bitch, mothafucka, they never threw a grenade
I'd never sell out to B2K
Gotta love the way the industry be holdin' me back
I'm the rebellious leader of the army brigade
Ain't a nigga that could bite my style, because it always change
You hold me down, I'm still gon' reign
Got popped in the back of the dome
Went home, came back, put a bullet in one of his fuckin' brains
Murdered my little brother and how much do you think I payed
To chop up his body to dead remains, God kidnapped you
Threw the tape like Kane, jump outta the window
You know I'm gettin' away
They murdered my general
Now it's time to take this shit to another level
The Babylonian's against the Rebel's
It was seven of us comin' with the Bone Thugs, up against the raws
Come out corners doin' the devils, put the pedal to the metal
With me and my seven animals
Right around the corner, reload, and holdin' the handle
Got a .357 that everybody call Cannibal, Russian Roulette
Who's next, ready to gamble, I'm a ramblin' man
I keep guns on a mantle and a candle for my little brother
Capo Confuscious, you know what it is, it's how we do it
Throw a brick in the building, scandal mothafucka it's Ruthless
I never tolerated a Judist, The Passion of Christ
Give me the money, you'll never fuck me twice
Boy shut for the apostles, givin' the Gospel was the wings
Spread 'em open, takin' flight, nigga shot at
Bizzy the Kid's ready for combat, bring it on
Napalm, brung back, runnin' with machine guns
And an all around drum, look similar, sinister
Ripsta with the napalm

[Hook]
You run, and you hide..
Better hide, better hide
And you run, and you and hide..
Better hide, hide..
You run, and you hide..
Better hide, better hide
And you run, and you and hide..
Better hide, hide..

[Verse 2]
I couldn't fuck in the kitchen, watch the FED's kickin'
I carry niggas away and then they start snitchin'
Bitchefied, they got me mystefied, I'm fuckin' money on
Here to say they get to stickin' for the bitches
My niggas in the pen turned rats into women
And gave 'em pony tails, make 'em wear ribbons
Through the visiting room, he's kissing his kids
And 'bout to do my mothafuckin' dishes
In the crib come on, you wanna feel it, I'm the realest
High off spinach, before, I'm getttin' sentenced
But, hey, what about the apprentice, I'll never tell
I already told you what the 7th do to the snitches
Split personality, sorta like Fight Club, never get rest
I got to smoke weed, the blood on my little brother, blood
What you really wanna do, I don't think you really want none
Roll down the window like what up cuz, fuck the cops
Fuck the fuzz, look in my eyes you could see the buzz
See the thug, hardships, mothafucka, that I just had to break
With the tongue and I'm horse like hung, ask my baby mom
You rap like dung
Can anybody tell me where you got this shit from
Cause I'm the mothafucka with the gun and the dum dums
And I smack 'em up, nigga suckin' pump pump
Chris Stokes, better get 'em 'fore I get one
And put your money where your mouth is, I'll be ready for war
Get kicked with the hot ones, and it's one last thing
'Fore I knock you out
It ain't nothin' like money in a ZipLock bag
And you could get smacked up, (plus!) hey everybody
B2K sucks, y'all better watch your mouth...Boy[Intro: Bizzy]
The one baby!
As a child, army days, cancelled the fun childhood
After runnin away with mom so many times
It's tearin their relationship apart
I wasn't doin anything but bein a kid, no evil in my heart
Never played in the area of they minds, anything like that
Just a normal kid, yeah, yeah
I remember messin with these little girls around the corner
My stuff wasn't even hard
Remember a brother was lookin for a little candy out the park
My mother went, my mother vent, momma what happened, momma I'm scared
Momma my head, so won't you get it baby
We carry on, we carry on, we carry on, we carry on

[Bizzy Bone]
Experience with different women, my dreams
And Sirita was a Cleveland and Sirita was clean
Now I'm explorin, the world around me very much learnin
And a, nurturing phase and a, lurchering phase
God with dirty people comin against me
It's the life of the dead, record of company defend me
Still workin, the musical group, is that the crew?
Are they with me? It's Mr. Majesty, Capo and (Que!) Que, huh
From the West Wing, soldiers of the West Wing
Money straight flowin, it's the best thing, best thing
They say sacrifice is I-N-C
With my buisiness partner Kanardo Davis, D.A.P
That's the love, that's the love, that's the Lexus, that's the Benz
That's the thug, that's the thug, that's the thug, that's the thug
The owners, it started in the night life
I don't even remember havin fun, all I can remember is a trife life

[Hook: repeat 2X]
Bizzy's... story (we want Bizzy's story)
Bizzy's... story (we want Bizzy's story)

[Interlude: Bizzy]
Time to clean up and get sober man
The kids came moved over I took the last $90,000
And put it on a $5,000 square home and got $10,000 worth of furniture
Frigerator full of food, it's for the kids
We moved on and we got a nanny
After much struggle we had a home, finally

[Bizzy Bone]
My early manhood, strange bein the man of the house
Without Sirita it was terrible, small as a mouse
Soon I met up with the women in the park got married
It's the way that we do it now it's time to get carried
Las Vegas at the time wanted a mother of mine
Myself I needed somethin I could shine
Fortunately, goin to the fast, gettin at last
Hey, I'm bein tested...
Irreconcilable differences, it's not over
I lost my house and my jewelry got stolen
And the kids were back with Sirita - it was the worst feelin
That you could think anybody could have, and Lord I need ya
I'm runnin around the struggle, runnin around the crib
We ain't gettin robbed again, we ain't gettin robbed again
Paperwork's an issue, attorneys and lawsuits
And the lawyer fees concocted to get me fucked up and keep me on recruit

[Hook]

[Interlude: Bizzy]
Yeah, the "Resurrection" and "The Gift" came out
Beautiful deal and we worked it out for about a year hittin shows
Doin the road workin real real hard
Well shit, we had a new team and fresh settings and a healthy body
For the road after 11 months of sobriety
Shit recorded that album in L.A
And of course we gettin the kids back
I think I'm gon' get married

[Bizzy Bone]
Still never could I fight the night
All the women tryin to take my girl's place
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, up above, up above
Do you feel it? Do you feel it? Feel the love, feel the love
I could not, find in a physical looks, it wasn't there
After goin back and forth to L.A., L.A. cares
Handlin business, we under new management
But I'm growin, you know I'm still flowin
And another year passed, we still gettin gold and dash{?}
It's the greatest appearence, and they showed it like wow
Dodge, quick, move!
You know you got to be slick and watch out for that bullshit
Watch out for that pulpit, they got me standin and I'm duckin the guns
And yes I'm duckin the bullets and it's always 'bout the one
The one, we represent it forever
In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit I still remember

[Hook]

[Outro: Bizzy]
I can remember drinkin with Uncle Damon and his buddy
While we shot ball in the back
And finishing up I was thirstier than a muh'fucker
I ask Uncle Damon for a drink of the water, shit he said "Sure, drink it"
Ice cold cup sweatin and I gulped it
It was Gin, wasn't water, but I still downed it
Uncle Damon said, "You got a rock gut boy"
I used to think about Man Man often (Man Man often)[Intro: Bizzy] + (Playalitical)
What's goin on, what's up my nuh?
Ay Paul man, roll up some weed, y'knowmsayin?
We 'bout to rock this shit, with Spoke-In-Word (yeah)
Knowmsayin, we 'bout to really make this thing happen
(It's that smoke session) Bizzy Bone the Midwest Cowboy
Light a blunt up man
No man, you smoke that I got mine

[Interlude: Bizzy Bone] + (Playalitical) + {female singer}
So get hiiiigh (uhh, I can make a call, it's on its way)
So get hiiiigh (so we can pinch on some hay)
So get hiiiigh (I wanna get) {blown away!}
Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get hiiiigh {ohh noooo}

[Bizzy Bone]
Now roll up the weed in the swisha, heavenly smoke
We gonna smoke smoke smoke, leave it up in them lungs 'til we choke choke
It's bittersweet, when I get high, but it settles
Also topsy-turvy, swerve on the curb
With a fifth of grape Kool-Aid and Thunderbird
With the misfits, I pitch in, some of them switch though
Havana just be poppin for Doris, Bahamas be smokin 'dro
Fly home nervous, with the customs, enter a sweet
I see my babies and my maid, and then Puffy made my money sweep
Forty thousand, five thousand for a pound of yo' sticky
And I'm talkin purple haze back in '94, just stuff it in that sock Bizzy
But they downed me on it, and they kept the bag for three days
I stood at the front door, right at the airport
Better believe I'mma get my trees
I smoke the whole pound, met a broad and now we out of town
Got married and divorced, and ever since then, carryin the cross
Got married and divorced, I met a broad and we out of town
It's Bizzy Bone, he been carryin his cross - one love, one love

[Hook: Bizzy Bone] + (Playalitical) + {female singer}
So get hiiiigh (uhh, I can make a call, it's on its way)
So get hiiiigh (so we can pinch on some hay)
So get hiiiigh (I wanna get) {blown away!}
Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get hiiiigh {ohh noooo}
(Uhh, I can make a call, it's on its way)
So get hiiiigh (so we can pinch on some hay)
So get hiiiigh (I wanna get) {blown away!}
Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get hiiiigh {ohh noooo}

[Spoke-In-Wordz] + (Playalitical)
Yo, yo
Take to the sky on a natural high, lovin you more 'til the day that I die
Dead or alive, I'mma be puffin that weed, whether y'all like it or not
Addicted to the pipe and the pot, I'm gifted like a light in the spot
I can't even keep count of so many clouds, they just keep on passin me by
(Layzie) Bizzy when it comes to smokin people say I'm (Krayzie)
Could never get enough, this is my Wish and my Flesh
And all that that made me
Somebody roll up a staff of merlin hash, those that spoke-in-word and pass
If I ain't smokin I'm servin, therefore I smoke in third person, ask
I can recollect the swishers, but I can't remember the type and
Some burn, while I was writin these - bars, punchlines and hyphens
Been smokin since I was two, glued off aeroponic soul food
In school, I had a locker full of Downeys stuffed in blow tubes
Takin advantage of blazin ads, paid for inflatin vaporized bags
Thus I'm smokin to pay my tab, for smokin and smokin to pay my tab

[Hook][Hook]
Wish I would a died for you baby
I would a died for you Layzie
I would a died for (seventh sign master mind)
You Krayzie (Bizzy the Kid the midwest cowboy)
But the widow tried to play me (play me)

[Verse 1]
Bone ain't feelin' my vibe
They say Bizzy he think he Pac
Passin out on stage Rollin Stones was shocked
Bizzy the Kid grippin this baby makers
Tellin the whole story
Runnin from cops
Bustin shots smack the top of a forty
I'm never gonna pop
I'm never going back to Ruthless
Stick to the block
You better believe it
And I'm sorry to the fans of Bone
But I'm Bentley, Audi 5's, and drop tops
Blueberry swisher sweet
And that's the way that we monster mash
Homies gonna respect my gangster
Watch the way we count the cash
Bang the gang
Seventh sign
Twenty seven, seven kids
Looking young feelin fit
And I don't have to be pressed or primped
I don't need no make-up neither
I don't want you to touch my hair
I just wanna flow in sickness
Making money everywhere
I don't wanna have pop appeal
I wanna work with real niggas
Real niggas
Trill niggas
Rappin with only ill niggas
Seventh sign crack the seal
Niggas make you wanna kill niggas
Crack the steel pedal to the metal
Mash the gas and that's f'real

[Hook]
Wish I would a died for you baby
I would a died for you Layzie
I would a died for you Krayzie
But the widow tried to play me (play me)

[Verse 2]
I am the general realin incredible better than
Ten year veteran
Off in the cut with a cup of essence
Feel the presense, spread the message
Never no evidence, ain't no best friends
Shut up and handle your business
This the new thang, the true thang
Seventh sign's how we doing thangs
Gangster parties, smokin and drinkin
Puttin on my dancin shoes
Got to get that money right
Pay me and I'll come dance for you
Stay the night and bend your broad
While I'm talkin in turns
Let me swallow that, it tastes like peaches
Must have been a mango blunt
Follow that, I am the future
Evolution of elevation
Knowledge is the power
We shall over come the hatred
With double barrels and rugas
Inscripted like an egyptian
Encrypted like biblical lucifer
Seventh sign conta, seventh sign boy
You can put that on Joanne I met from St. Croix
Sucka
Dippin' out like Ice Cube
Skippin' out like Dr. Dre
Follow the footsteps of rich niggas
Bitch niggas and I'm on my way

[Hook]
Wish I would a died for you baby
I would a died for you Layzie
I would a died for you Krayzie
But the widow tried to play me (play me) x2

[Verse 3]
These are my truest villains
People are fake as hell
Women don't turn me down
Feel me like they feelin Brown
I'd rather be David Ruffin
I don't wanna be Odis Williams
I don't wanna be brew needer
Smokin chronic, drinkin gin and bitch
You ain't everybody
We were the perfect group ha
Promise you broke us up y'all
Bizzy always tells the truth ha
Ain't you a liar, ain't you
You are the venemous snake (ha)
To bad none of the homies got bitten
Hell yeah I wrote this for all L.A. huh
Any rapper wants to battle
Wanna see who goes the fastest
I don't have to study or nothing
I'm a leave that up to you actors
I don't read the Source or the VIBE
When I'm up in Barnes and Nobles
Bone Thugs-N-Harmony
Seventh sign soldiers
Standin in my gangsta pose
Shop as a cobra
Look in a mind of a mad man
Medicated with doja
I'm mutilatin this roll call
No metaphor
And the rappin is real
Let it be the hook
Fuck a gimmick
If I die will you kill, nigga

[Hook 'til fade]
Wish I would a died for you baby
I would a died for you Layzie
I would a died for you Krayzie
But the widow tried to play me (play me)We all so scared cause its, its war everywhere, you know
War everywhere

(Chorus)
How many friends will we see die? (Why we so scared cause it's war everywhere)
How many friends will we see cry? (It's war everywhere)
How many friends will we see try? (Why we so scared cause it's war everywhere)
How many friends will we see die? (It's war everywhere)

All we need is a little love, and someone standing for the little cubs
And I see brutality all over niggas killin' niggas
The ghetto got them being born to be killas
Flooded with drugs and tryin to get us, so get up
But don't give up, ya'll gotta sit up
If you last before they kill us
And the guerillas, try come kill us
Pillage the village and we'll be winna
I love it when niggas the way we took it to another level
So many rebels doing the best shit forever remembered
And in the killing fields, everybody's locked up
And good niggas getting shot up da dadan dada
Mind if I say something for mine
Cause it's about time, to get serious
A mysterious time, blind melons
It ain't no telling, if the willing
Will stop chillin', then help the children
Turning them out, then burning them out
Like morphine, waters getting shallow
It's over and over the gallow
A president in the drop, it's on now though
The end of life, for now so
I think it's the ozone, bad to the bone bone
Mother Nature be long gone
And don't nobody wanna do nothing but speculate
And all they worried about their own
Wrote a song for the future
Millenium, I'm in, I'm hopeing it don't last untill we all past
Living in the stars, looking through grass
Aboard the enterprise, recognize this, in the course of a da-da-da-da-da-da-day
And thats the way we sing, thats the way we play
That's the way they . . now and

[Hook 2X]

Still got bombs from the cold war, radioactive
And the critics, they won't take action
They want us to repo this to your satisfaction
But while they build more, computers keep crashing
What about felling, pestilence dammit
How do we manage to keep standing
Living in a legacy of bitterness
With the epitimy of vigorous trips on the ships we were crammed in, slammed in
Other man and them, why don't we demanding our damn money
If we can't get forty acres and a mule, let a nigga get a range rover
Shit you got time you, I'm still waiting on a canoe, but it will never come
I don't even know where I come from or where I'm gonna go to
I'm headed to the mother land, but will I be accepted by the brotha man?
Awww me so confused, with nothing to gain and everything to lose, choose
The righteous and the high, look in the eyes and realize the lies
Family ties, but not even for the have-nots
Who the enemy? It ain't me. It ain't even the police
Unless they trippin', and use that authority and start flippin', flippin'
Leaving dead bodies, and with them bitchin' hotties
That poppin' the collar, my god I'm horny, ride shotty
And tellin' the kids that ain't the way to live properly
Get yo monopoly and get your own property
And that's the way we sing, and that's the way we play
And that's the way they . . . now and

[Hook 2X]

Ooooh and the daddies and momma forgivin' so we can live with us
And all the runaways get off the bus
Kids, put the guns down, come down
If the rest build a bridge with us, it gotta get better than this
It's head of the risk, shoulda been poor, and I been rich
Lost so many friends to the war shit, caution
When I get to walkin', and it's mobbin', nigga in a crypt
Life is a fight to the street life, tonight
I might go meet the reaper, and I will give him a hug
And tell him "Thug luv won and I'm so glad to meet ya"
And that's the way we sing, and that's the way we play
And that's the way they . . . now and

[Hook to fade](*lighter clicking in the background*)
Now this is what I'm talking about baby (*inhaling*)

[Repeat 2X]
And this is for the weed heads and this is for the weedheads
Get a bag of dope and a quarter o

[Hook: repeat 2X] (2nd and 4th time at end in background "wanna get high get high")
So who want a bag who want a bag
You want a bag you want a bag you got a bag
So send 'em out the door to the liquor store
Get a bag of dope in a quarter o

[Bizzy Bone]
Alright homies legalize reefer leaves and nines
Some of them say we evil a little sumthin sumthin for my people
And though I know that weed will even out your debt
Love everything green roll blunts from boxes of cigars said
Gonna get ya fucked up wanna get ya fucked up
When you take one hit then I make you hush up nigga shut the fuck up
No stems no indo and chronic hydro and skunk and I can think of some more ohh
Yeah time to smoke said so I know high day come around on friday
Toke the bowl breath deep boy yes then we pray
As the reefer help me see more everyday woulda me coulda me be Heaven sent
One hell of a superstar bowl every first friday of the month
And your humbily invited were truly humbly united
Enemies and all of ya'll hate on when I get my fade on
I'm so high

[Hook]

[Bizzy Bone]
On new year smokin the potent buddha (buddha)
There ain't nuthin like that buddha lovin bomb shit
Fat enough that it will make me move ya sooth ya
Reefer creeper seepin in my sneakers seepin in my shiva heave her (nigga) you
Better believe us even when we lonly weed won't leave us
Not like these fake niggas that decieve us
All day the weed man dizzy we be better make it seedless
Life ain't easy put it on eazy but we still breathin
Takin a hit of the reefer sendin me straight to heaven
Chokin with my breezy
That herbal healin
And dont ya wanna feel that feelin and dont you wanna spend your scrilla
And givin the weed to the killas niggas forget why they killin (hell ya)
I heard they heard they heard they out here fuckin wit pills
Nigga those chemicals will make you ill so get off the ecstasy
So to the realers mysterious and pass the rush
Off a box (a box) sellin me skunk (skunk) out of me trunk (trunk)
Show nuff show nuff show nuff show nuff

[Hook]

[Bizzy Bone]
Thug that talkin till we love that love that that
Dont legalize cuz they know we can
Gettin high just to get by
Through all the suicides and homicides
And genocides drivebys walkbys gonna multiply
And chalk lines in the towns in the h-double-o-d hood and it would rain
And it ain't all were it ain't all and it ain't all and it ain't all good
I started at eleven stealin weed from poppa's keeper
And even though you beat us I gotta thank you for the reefer
Neva mess with white girls but I roll those white boys
Niggas come out the pen and they roll some tight joints tight joints
My shit is swollen you shouldn't be rollin
Livin on green leaves that will make your heart bleed for the moment
Just go and let me split up the weed and be silent and sober
No jokin when the nieghbers door is open you want to come over
We smokin tokin and now we chokin tokin and then we chokin chokin chokin
Chokin chokin chokin chokin chokin
I'm so high

[Hook] - repeat until end[Hook]
We love the reggae and jazz, the rock-n-roll can be cool
Alternative to, we love the rhythm and blues
But I'm a hip-hop baby, from the heart I never flip flop baby

We love the reggae and jazz, the rock-n-roll can be cool
Alternative to, we love the rhythm and blues
But I'm a hip-hop baby, from the heart I never flip flop baby

[Layzie]
If it wasn't for my music, tell me where would I be
Where would I be, probably standin' on the hot block
Sellin' crack rock, runnin' them streets, runnin' them streets
I say my music is my best friend, my confidan I love the way we live
As one together we the perfect bunch, me and my radio
Doin' ninety on the freeway no other way to go
And I like to feel the rhythm, the beat be bumpin' don't it
And I love to give it to y'all because I know you want it
And if you feel like I feel you love the rhythm and blues
Reggae and jazz, and rock-n-roll can be cool
But I'm a hip-hop baby, it's from the heart I never flip flop baby
Gimme a drank and a song and I'll be stress free kickin' it
All night long

[Krayzie]
It ain't nothin' like hip-hop music careful how you use it
And please don't abuse it when you do it music can keep the party
People dressin' up put your mind in a trans and keep you happy
Give it a chance come on, just flow with the music
Get blowed off with music, when I was thirteen
I got the king I had a dream to be one of the greatest musicians
In life so they remember when I die, I love, I love music
It's got me stayin' alive, and if you took my mic right now
One thing you'll never do is take my love away
Cause I'm a hip-hop baby, from the heart I never flip-flop baby

[Hook]

[Bizzy]
Tossin' and turnin' I'm burnin' with different melodies, words
My niggas tellin' me sellin' it to the world, been rappin'
Since the day I heard Rakim, and Dana Dane, Dougie Fresh
Slick Rick, always been a singer mayn, late night foster home
Workin' on perfection on selection of the songs that I heard
Was my direction, as for Tommy was my girlfriend rollin' the wrap
Said I'm the baddest mammma-jammma half white and black
And my babies that Jodeci six with Sabrina, little Bri
Beau Briamous, Mo, and Shaniqa, little Trey-Trey, Destiny, and plus
Aliya and the newest one is Shelby, I can't wait 'til I see her
The other music in my physical form since they was born
I be singin' with tears in my eyes as I perform for the whole world
Until I die like Confuscious tell the world my name is Brian
I'm in love with my music (what, uh, uh)
Cause I'm a hip-hop baby, cause I'm a hip-hop baby
Cause I'm a hip-hop baby, cause I'm a hip-hop..

[Layzie]
Now everybody got that jam that make you get up, wanna boogie
To the beat now, and if it wasn't for the jones and the strings
And the lyrics that we sing what would life really mean now
Would it be just as fun, would you kick it the same, could you
Live with out it, could you still maintain, my thang is
Crank up the volume, because it helps me escape from my problems
'Til I solve 'em, and I'm a solve 'em, it's all music, Bone Thug
Music

[Hook]Shit- heh, friends- heh
A friends come and go I done learned that shit
Either through death or money issues
Or you know what I mean just time and space
Family sometimes you the biggest enemies man
Heh shit

Those that love me if you leave me
I understand, made some bad decisions in my life
I understand, raise my right hand up to God
Right where I stand
I'm a go get strong, return a better man

You better believe it you see me
How we creeped up out of Cleveland get your money baby
If not I'm gonna break even I won't let you play me
Your game ain't even season
It's that thuggish ruggish Bone I hope you know
Little B the reason see you creepin baby
But what are you really seekin
Are you weak, don't believe in me, believe in Jesus
I'm a freak, but baby that's for life
And all the weak I'm goin deep, and I can roll deeper than you
Half breed rock the mics to survive
And I might not make it out alive I'm spittin to save my life
Tryin a make it right welcome to the world that we live
And all that I did was crawl up out the stuff for my kids
So rest in peace to Little Eazy
But your paper work was sleazy and the black widow was horny
Baby was gettin greedy my boys is 'posed to be watching my back
Load up the guns and let's attack
But ain't nobody tryin to feel me with stack
For my baby's

Those that love me if you leave me
I understand, made some bad decisions in my life
I understand, raise my right hand up to God
Right where I stand
I'm a go get strong, return a better man
Those that love me if you leave me
I understand, made some bad decisions in my life
I understand, raise my right hand up to God
Right where I stand
I've returned, I've returned

Better bring my money baby nobody is gonna stop me
I'll fill 'em up with that hot shit
Bullets all in your body better watch me wicked posse
Yeah, automatic shotguns half of these rappers talkin
Ain't none of 'em ever popped one
Little kid from South View who would've thought that I'd make it
And the people ain't behind me my family's kinda freakish
That thuggish ruggish, nigga from Columbus
And this is the way we play spread your rumors
I just love it do it all day everyday
Ride to the rythme of the nickel put the pen in the pack now
And I know you fear me, I done been there
Done that, run that, fun that covered around
And let me kill 'em with the venom we killin 'em with the sound
Every city, every little bitty town
Everybody wanna break me down
Nobody gonna take me down East 99 has been abandoned
Cleveland they show me love, they still wonderin how
I made it up outta the famine better believe it baby, baby
Should a listened to my people, still runnin from demons and evil
War

Those that love me if you leave me
I understand, made some bad decisions in my life
I understand, raise my right hand up to God
Right where I stand
I'm a go get strong, return a better man
Those that love me if you leave me
I understand, made some bad decisions in my life
I understand, raise my right hand up to God
Right where I stand
I've returned, I've returned

I'm sick of the drama, sick of havin beef with my momma
And beef with my sisters my brother got murdered
Over marijuana bless the bewilders
Strugglin, hustlin all of my life, watching my back
They already tried to murder me twice
I smoke the herb that I like, I never done coke in my life
We buy but I lie if I did it I'd tell entertainment tonight
Ain't no slackin in my rack it ain't no shame in the game
It ain't no slippin and the pimpin ain't no crack on the brain
You gotta be jealous of me and my fellas
Ain't that what they tell us sell us anything
We helpless give me a little bit faq and help us
We strugglin, jugglin, thugglin, hustlin, thuggin up in the club
No one to talk to, you step on his shoes
You really fucked up, poppa you was a roller
But his pockets are all swollen, you met the dope man
And now we on the block ask who told 'em
Sell 'em some soap man that's for all the times you played me
Old man this is your son with a blunt and a gun
Check out my slow jam

Those that love me if you leave me
I understand, made some bad decisions in my life
I understand, raise my right hand up to God
Right where I stand
I'm a go get strong, return a better man
Those that love me if you leave me
I understand, made some bad decisions in my life
I understand, raise my right hand up to God
Right where I stand
I've returned, I've returnedMmm-hmm, Mr. Shakur, man, your essence remains pure

[Hook]
And by the freedom of God, we got a sure shot, and Jesus, you've been good to me
When it all stops, my life goes on for sure, Mr. Shakur and blessed with your
Presence, your essence remains pure

[Verse 1]
I never made it in school in '92, looking for a job as a part-time father, only
If you knew Pac, with the chronic through your music was getting me through, it's 1999
Now, what we gone do, huh, ya oh! enemies snicker when I pour out a
Little liquor, better not pass me your name and make you out to be the sinner
Who spent the holiday with that ghetto, cooking a hood dinner, writing my memoirs
Right next to your picture, remember: Life Goes On, that's what you told me
Homie, and Sylk-E-Fine hooked it up in the nick of time you know me-shit, I may be
Lonely and I talk to you, I hope you listening and we mob through you, we all miss
Him, and mommy say hey, she feed the babies, Johnny J still crazy as hell
Taking your class in college, hope I don't fail, I wish I had the mail for the
Million dollar bill, but that'd be too much like writing the whole situation
And it smells kind of fishy to me, bring the demons to the light, the truth-it
Might set me free, but they can't kill you twice, by the freedom of God we have
A sure shot, and Jesus you have been so good to me

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Yo, my friends ain't feeling me, tobacco companies make money off of killing me
We been waiting for forty acres like we said it, damn, and the earthquakes with
The world's retaliation, all the abomination, call it 'El Nino', but it feels
Like revelation, huh, and Pac they got to you, you don't think I think a fan shot
You, they was jealous of your jewellery, and the jury thought they got you, I
Fast, prepare for the rapture with a blast for the ghetto bastards, walk in the
Wilderness with God given talent for ashes, pass the pastor, he ain't helping
The hood like judges should, but life goes on, it's all good, and homie we
Fight for wood, to keep us stupid huh, and after Eazy, it ain't no more
Ruthless acoustics, same producers seduce us, with jewels to boost us, before
We prove em wrong, kinda revolutionary to move us, but life goes on
Within the music and the song, it's abusive if you use it to fuel your fire
Huh

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Supporting my people, distorting my people, they calling my people, evil is finders keepers losers weep
The reaper, all you G's now, proposition 187, and you think we sleep now, how
In the new millennium could we smile, God loves the underdog, and of course the
Ghettos are close, just when the rain falls, reminisce on tattoos, the oceans
Pain y'all, note here for the dosage of prozac he prescribed, there's too much
Melanin in my system, musical group, we won't die, and what's the meaning of
Survival, knowledge of wealth is right there in your bible look at the literal
And learn yourself, pass me the lighter when I'm stressing on these issues, did
I mention my momma gonna need some tissue when they get you, I continue to flow
Eternal, remember Mo Murda way back in the day, smoking burners with lil Layzie
Man we shooting at the turtle, him and his big boyz dogging me out, I'm all alone
With my Thuggish Ruggish shirt on, but still many, I don't hate you, we black
And strong, even though I know right where you live, I forgive you and life goes on

[Hook][Intro]
Coming to you straight from cosmos by the way of Gabriel
With the Grim reaper on my shoulders

[Chorus]
I look into the soul
The spirits are hypnotized
And I defy every rule that I know (I know, I know)
The devil want me to die
And I survive even if I'm in the cold (in the cold, in the cold)
Everyone looks like my eyes (like my eyes)
I chop up the lamp the sacrifice
For my bloodline and then it's on
I look into the soul

[Verse: 1]
No daddy don't rape me baby
Cause I was raised in the hood called what the fuck (what the fuck)
I left mama cause that's the way we
I'm on the move and I groove that's enough
I ain't trippin' on none of you
But with the thugs I can do anything we want
Give me nothing I'll better make something
Cause if the angels don't love you then I bet they love us
I gotta get my head up out the way
I gotta get my people just past the day
The first time when I see you pass away
The last time I'm a leave you out of the way
Nigga if I don't leave ya now
I've been running running
I keep running running
More than you can believe me now
I keep steady steady steady (hey!)

[Chorus]

[Verse: 2]
Oh daddy no popping no packing
Cause I was praised in the ghetto my body erupt
Everybody say get you a gatty
Cause you a skinny nigga you gonna need you a gun
I get the flippin' in fucking them up
If Lil Layzie tell me shoot em I'm shootin' them up
One-fity-one and I'm good and drunk
Remember the words take him over I'll fuck him up
I gotta get my head just out the way
I gotta get my people just past the day
The third time I'm a see you walk away
The last time I'm a leave you out the way
Nigga if you don't leave me now (leave me now)
I've been running running
I keep steady running
And if they don't believe me now
Just behead him (behead him, behead him,)

[Chorus]Well let me take you to my hood, my hood
Well let me take you to my hood, my hood
Well let me take you to my hood, my hood
Well let me take you to my hood, my hood
Well let me take you to my hood, my hood

(Come on baby let's rock this shit, come on)

Here's a tear for you kiddo, I've cried a river
It's been bitter sweet, so complete, I'm still with ya
Hear me u know I hear you, I feel you heavenly father
Time goes time flows, real water
Well baby just shine for me, send a bunch of angels to your rescue
(E the elo hinds?) it's him trough the sins
Never dismiss you, god is the realest love that I've lorded
I came back from a walk like (daddyyyyyy) u will be known
U will be owed to the ozone layer
Could u take me to the strip club, my cup, baby cause u a player
U tell em that I love em, n I need em, let's stick together
When hell tries to break the love, say a prayer
Making it better
In or out of, this is the way that we talk
This is the way that we walk
Baby war that I got
I say we sing for me, do your thing for me
Cause Eden is good

Well let me take you to my hood, now come into my hood
("This dude on the bus n shit, who was fucking with me cause I was young, And u know what I'm saying, Flesh uh, stood his ass up, Flesh is like the person u know what I'm saying, Nigga about 15 years in prison, N he still doing prison time. Flesh sat is ass down, pulled his seat back! poww! On the dude that really is a big motherfucker, dude didn't say a motherfucking thing".)

I stroll down memories the light will guide u
Honor your mother, honor your father right beside you
Hide you never 9-12 September
U ain't sucking nothing but a bottle of beer I respect cha
Forever, do you know forever?
Whenever we leave they might cry, shit baby they better
It's cold, I need a sweater, u bold when it's cold
And The Story ain't told, confess your sins they owed
Anything for the truth, baby raise the roof
A little doctor, doctor, breaking em off proper
Prosper, prosper spot yourself
And everybody else
Settle for nothing but the best
U need some help, just call I'll be right there with you
It ain't no fussing or fighting and I won't hit you
Huh u need some help, just call, I'll be right there with you
It ain't no fussing or no fighting n I won't hit you

("Krayzie Bone, I love that dude n he's always been like my favorite rapper, when we were walking the streets it was just him n I together, we were the only people that would walk when everybody else was in the house, my people said he couldn't stay over there, he didn't want to go to his house, So we walked the streets n we drink Power-Master the entire night, I don't know if you remember that Coltttt-45, so it was a beautiful thing")

Lord when I'm walking, I'm knowing that your walking right with me
U defend me, n u mend me even when I get tipsy
Kinda crazy in the battlefield, still u with me
U never tempt me never hurt me
I'll be dirty for you, I be pertty for you, I go trough 40 for you
I praise Jesus that's the real man, u my boo
Brainwave no discussion for gussing n plenty love
Lil Bone Thugs N Harmony help from up above
It's the test of the flesh, confusion testing my rep
So what? that's me, I did it I got the whelps
N I weep n I weft
N my lips be clef, Now watch yourself, now watch your step
Now gimme a hug my love
Baby I love you without a question or a doubt in my mind
Drink wine, just chill u real less dying
Steak, shrimp n lobster n chicken even linguine I can feel you
I know that I need you n plus I'm needed

("One time, he kidnapped my ass, and he took me to New-York, he took me to a casino, n I had the opportunity to battle Jay-Z, N Damon Dash was there and I said Krayzie Bone lyrics, and we was battling for 30 dollars, dude said "I ain't never heard no shit like this before, take the money". N' he said "who the fuck r you? " I said "Man, we Bone Thugs N Harmony")

Layzie Bone, Krayzie Bone, Wish Bone, Flesh N Bone, locked up in jail, I love u baby, I see u when u get there, and if for u ain't find them, I'm telling u nigga immon see you somewhere"[Intro: Bizzy]
Bizzy Bone, you know what it is baby
After Platinum Records
Let's get this money '07 style

[Hook: Bizzy Bone]
Mon-eyyyyyyyyyy (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Mon-eyyyyyyyyyy (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Mon-eyyyyyyyyyy (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Gotta get that money money, gotta get that money money money money
Mon-eyyyyyyyyyy (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Mon-eyyyyyyyyyy (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Mon-eyyyyyyyyyy (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Gotta get that money money, gotta get that money money money money money

[Bizzy Bone]
I don't give a fuck what they sayin!
Buck buck buck buuuuuuck!

I'm ridin the Caddy and daddy I'm rollin it sadly, but I don't mind
If they laughin at me the movie I hardly think they be singin Sadie
I never gave up on my lady, but she still ain't listenin to me
Gotta let them 24's spin, chins ain't chippin or flippin
And let me get another victim again, gain-gain-gain
They win in the beginnin in the endin I'll befriend 'em, where they say I was
But I been right here cuz, you know what it is, you know what it was
So they wanna move, do what'chu gotta do, who? Not me!
I said I'm glossy, and who you callin flossy baby
But baby I'm not 'Pac, no! And I'm not God, no!
But I float like a butterfly, sting like honey
Mo' money money money money money money, in the face of the crowd
Lighter now, I don't need no pride to hide, oh wow, oh wow
Mo' money money, in the face of the crowd
Lighter now, I don't need no pride to hide, oh wow
But baby I'm not 'Pac, no! (buck buck buck buck buuuuuuck!)

[Hook]

[Twista]
Get knocked out by the Windy City southpaw (uh)
No cookin in the kitchen homie we put out raw (yeah)
Midwest outlaw, fuck with it? I doubt y'all
Somewhere between Chi-Town and Cleveland is where they found y'all (woo)
Rollin through the alley in the Caddy
Blowin Cali to the haters, oh what a pity (uh-huh)
When they hit it nigga Twista rockin city after city
They gon' ask, "Is he doin it with Bizzy?" (what?)
And you know why they done that (why?)
Because we two of the coldest motherfuckers
To spit these fast lyrics on one track (woo)
Buck 'em with a lyrical bullet in the body
Because I gotta get the spot, I know the shit don't stop
Pull up in the Lamborghini or the Ferrari
I know I gotta get the guap, cause I gotta get the drop
Gotta get the dough and get the money money
I can really feel it when a hater comin for me
Try to get it if you think you feelin kinda lucky
Twin Glocks so you know you better bring a buddy
And I got the ammunition for anybody
That wanna go against the Midwest Militia
A whole clip at the competition for Bizzy
A whole clip at the competition for Twista
A whole clip at the world, because it's us against it
And this shit about to get ugly
For static, I'mma hit 'em with the automatic
Run and do murder after murder but I'm a baller so I gotta get

[Hook]

[Bizzy Bone]
Buck buck buck buuuuuuck!

Me and my brother Twista gettin it crunk
And drinkin that Goose-y witta me brew
Doin whatever we want to do, get to the club, ain't nobody knew
Thought that we beefin they try to divide the troops
Talk about who really started the style
How 'bout everyone livin in harmony, look at the army now
General sendin a bevy of spirits and we gonna get it
Like heaven we dancin our way to the gates
If you comin with me and we Muslim
We human with all of the brethren (brethren)
Veteran deep in the city, I pity the foolish that ride with the snake
What do I look like massagin the thought
When they come with the matrix and say that we fake
We'll never break, 'member that Kanye and Twista
We're gonna go through the fire
Never expire, give it the way that they want it
They'll find out from you if you tired (what about)
Money you tell me what's money to you, paper that represent currency?
Or is it worm wood, better burn good
Than a brain ray, with the energy certainly
I don't have time for emergencies
Baby the word that be rollin the covenant
Jump in the - party and pop in the melody baby
I know that the ladies be lovin it
Brush the dust, enemies way, get 'em a drink, we look too lovely
The spirit is present and never be hesitant
Twista and Bizzy be gettin this money, nucca

[Hook][Intro: Bizzy]
Ha ha ha ha, they say start it all over again
Whatever you goin through it's somebody goin through somethin worse
Let's do this

[Hook: Bizzy Bone]
And that's life in the city kid
Everybody ain't gon' make it out the hood (out the hood)
You wanna flow like Bizzy did
Just keep the faith, and it's all to the good

[Bizzy Bone]
Your girl is cheatin on you, you finna go to jail
Now you just lost yo' job, yo' house is up for sale
Your friend just passed away, before you said goodbye
Your son goin to war, and you still don't know why
Yo' mom contracted AIDS, and right before she died
She couldn't speak a word, but she can blink her eyes
See she was paralyzed, and you so scared to cry
You wanted to show her your strength, and tell her the Lord provides
The church is takin money, sellin granny a dream
She wanna go to heaven, think she can get it with green
Yo' cousins gettin rich, off of a triple beam
You see him losin weight, it started off with 'Premes
It elevated to rocks, and now he's on the pipe
He used to ride 22's, now cousin ride a bike
Yo' momma got a man, her man he got a temper
So he beat you right up, gets drunk and don't remember
As soon as you go to school, yo' teacher asked "What happened?"
Your peers they know the story, you say "Ain't nuttin crackin"
Yo' money's runnin low, and it ain't no welfare
Remember 'Pac said, "Who in the hell cares?"
But Bizzy cared for ya, see I can only stare
These are the muddy waters, that I can see and hear
See and hear, see and hear, see and hear, see and hear
See and hear...

[Hook] - 2X

[Bizzy Bone]
You had you four friends, and y'all grew up together
On the corner swiggin wines, singin about the ghetto
Breakin bread, stealin cars, and stayin in trouble
House parties with the homies and then watchin 'em rumble
But soon yo' friendship crumbles, as you grow up in life
You reached the age of 30, and soon forget yo' plight
What if they blew up, and became the biggest group EVER?
I guess we'll never know; that's just the way it goes
Havin high school dreams of turnin pro
Catch an injury and now the scouts ain't 'round no mo'
Studyin to be a doctor but get pregnant in school
You decided to keep yo' child, now you must provide the food
At the tender age of 50, reachin your golden years
These are the muddy waters, that I can see and I hear
Bizzy cared for ya, but baby I can only stare
These are the muddy waters, that I can see and I hear

[Hook] - 3X w/ minor variations + ad libs

[Outro: Bizzy]
This for my momma, this for my children
This for my sister, and Eazy-E
'Pac, Biggie, Big Pun, Aaliyah, Left-Eye
Capo rest in peace nigga