{Aesop Rock}
Yo
I take 10 steps with a bent left vision
Study the disorders we've absorbed inside the village
I understand the plagues and why they shake hands with my grimace
Then remain up in my face like top to bottom train car fill-ins
Let's question the ascension of a broken social icon and bury its domino affect
I'mma blow this hex over the mission
Just to administer the end-all sucker punch toward its pitiful condition

{C-Rayz Walz}
With no alibi love is used as a guide by the civilized
Some see it as the body heat you feel when you close your eyes
That's so much of a lie, you can leave your hair dyed and scorch your roots
As the truth hits your ears begin to cry
"Why Is It Like This!" Why the fuck do I care?
I don't have the answers, or at least the ones you want to hear
City lights look like bright groups of fire flies
Many see the truth (the proof) only when the liar dies
Tires screech to a halt, the ground cries
Spit sparks speak to the streets
The skid marks are replies
Read discussions of what we rode through entrenched in the vocals
The hopeless stay hopeful (the toxic fumes choke you)
As I walk out my door, step into the pollution
(I breathe in the problems) exhale solutions
Physically the situation's hard to stop
I had a wicked jump shot and sold crack rock on back blocks
Casualties in this apocalypse (street chronicle)
Abnormal abdominals (push-ups phenomenal)
Relaxin drinking my 6-pack maxing
Faxing my thoughts on the satellite, via Donahue (push it)
Table talk, salt and pepper conversation
Integrated sectors, metropolis and mecca
It's a conspiracy (you know), I can't lie dukes
Sometimes I feel the rats got a better deal than I do

{Aesop Rock}(Chorus)
It goes thieves, bandits, low lives, scum
Punks that buckle under the rumble of my drum
Steadily searching for something new under the sun
But its stagnant, act of development first of madness

Thieves, bandits, low lives, scum
Punks that buckle under the rumble of my drum
Steadily searching for something new under the sun
But its hurtin, act of development first diversion

{C-Rayz Walz}
A new universe in ancient, so I stay patient
In a gravel pit, travelin thoughts unraveling, pacing
Embracing light of America, and found a shade of darkness (underground)
The traincar used to be my apartment
Sick of people rushin in the doors before I get out
Conductors closing the doors before I get in, I shout
"The blizzard's coming, the blizzard's coming!" ?
Don't get worried now (We've been in a cold world!)
We just getting flurries now?

{Aesop Rock}
Yeah, its like sloooowww dooowwwn
You're movin much too fast to bust through the finale fashioned glass
Its delicate demeanor and I teach you how to hang
But we like 1970 something 20 kliks outside Da Nang (Dear Obedience)
I apologize for the faulty academics
But they placed us in a miserable stasis
I let bygones be bygones
But tryin to see eye to eye with the faceless
Just ain't working the way the manual paints it
See I soak in a blue note factory
While most cats hassle bandits lamping (?) solo
And when the last red brick topples over the earth
To intercept your crooked little mess
I can be found in a social coma directly to your left
Engaged in a conversation, a marvel with my breath
Regarding how to document the shady baby steps
I bounce checks like a modern man
Sleep with one eye open while the other two drift
Together specimens from the promised land
This for the thinkers
This for the urchins allergic to they own stingers
This for the absurd verdict linkers
This for that cat at my shows that's always got prophetic opinions
But can't remember where his drink is
I'm wallowing, shrugging I'm plugging your corporation
Cause we alley cats addicted to the sickly warped sensation
Answer this: when all is said and done
Are you a memorable trooper or just a lab rat on the run
Choose one

{Chorus}[Verse 1: Masta Ace]
By the light of the silvery you'll be dead like chivalry
If you don't watch your back while making that delivery
Cause the cat with the fiddle got a band of thieves
And if he run up in your spot you should plan to leave
Yo, the cow got jumped and stabbed in the udder
Lost two quarts of milk and they grabbed the butter
They bagged it up and brought it all to me that night
And the little dog laugh just to see that sight
He was amused by the fact that these dudes paying dues
But if you don't follow my rules you gonna lose
The dish and the spoon got till the end of June
To pay me what they owe me or they gonna meet they doom
Who am I
I be the man in the moon and when I walk in
Everybody stand in the room
Got dough? Be careful when you pull some out
Cause it gets wild and dangerous when the wolves come out

[Verse 2: MC Paul Barman]
Nope tearful child to strangers kid, full moon's out
Snout in air, shout in despair, big wax mushroom cloud
Deep impact crater now keep you intact
In fact, stabler later I said, peep how
Moon's a person, new to family, anomaly to universe
You grew up first
Who knows why la luna works
It's equilibrium, unique will will be done
For people still be one with planted tree
Family built it tilt to the sun
Hold up know what get in the Taurus
For a field trip, real quick mom and son both heal rips
Roll up to the metaphorist
Don't a pic-ink set before
Felix, orbis, ellipse
Glowin, shinin', setting behind old pine
Wet wing dryin, from a rosevine clothes line
Lets seek a lost tree moss kiosk hollow
Go climb! I'll follow

[Verse 3: Del the Funkee Homosapien]
Showtime At The Apollo
In 1969,to Buzz I was the model
Dry and cold yet you study my surface but its worthless
My atmosphere is not the same as Earth's is
First get it right
I'm not a star, I'm a satellite
Ain't no atmosphere, you wouldn't last a night
Ain't no rappers here, you got sacrifice
And you can't hide cause it's dark in the day time
Two hundred thirty-eight thousand nine hundred
Miles from Earth so you can just try to come get
Me from the lunar perigee but the apogee is gonna be more than a few laps from me
The axis be
Approximately twenty seven
Days and about 8 hours so start steppin'
No matter where you go I'mma face you
I got you on my clock you can't escape fool I'm the moon
Glowing, shining
Glowing, shining

[Verse 4: C-Rayz Walz]
Man you're full of it
You can't make me do shit
I control my emotions
Where The Wild Things Live
Centrifugal forces
I take what you give
You shape when I shift
This is how it happens
When I'm out
My whereabouts are near and far
Cats act funny till I be serious like a doggone star
A night light for the jungle where there's pumas riftin'
Look at my clock, non stop rock, luna tickin'
In the laptop of luxury
Smash an outer space ball
Turn this flux to silver dollar pancakes I ate ya'll
You would probably think of me as something smashing
Running through the woods
With a name like Sebastian
The orb is just a night light for the bats and the owls
Who shine like, nickel plated gats
Clackin' the crowds
If I don't flood your pad now
I'll get you playa
When it's dark out
Ill still shine
28 Days Later
I coincide the tides and the currents
So in the middle of the harvest, it's no surprise I flourish
Used to live in the Earth
Till the mad scientist's verse
But that's a small thing to blame for the giants who curse
Some even accuse me of moonlighting as the sandman
I felt the Earth pull through for a one night stand
That's when I realized it was June and I lay naked, howling at that

[Singing]
The bright moon is the shepard

[Outro: "Weird Al" Yankovic]
Weird Owl here
Howl at the moon
Moth Owl Pellets
Shown soon...Had to be me
Not a clone or a digibot
Sun cycled weather patterns
Premrock the equinox
It had to be me
Down by ...
A thin line between art and war, the ...
And the crowds that perform on the battlefield
...
But still ready for cheers
Where everyone knows your name
And the only thing that's consistently constant was the change

Play the game off the hinges and frames
Mcloud in the crowd
What now? Only one will remain
Transcending the blame
Cause if there's one in the same
The energy never leaves, it just freezes the frame

...
My sneeze is the flame
And when I'm sick in my way, every beat is amazed
And when I sing to myself, I find my sense in a cell
When I dwell
Living like a beast in a cage

Had to be me
Within the beat, reppin the street, blessin his speech
(Y'all know me)
Had to be me
That was born after thirty-six weeks
(Pleased to meet me)
Had to be me
In the stands with the fans drop the heat
(Y'all know me)
Had to be me
Twenty five eight always on my grind no sleep
(We be reppin this shit since day one)

So on a low, I'm most deep when I raise
The level of the cut (What?)
Cause it's peace bein raised
Unless it's beat bein braised
And I'm chief in the haze
...

I can see why most of yall are callin Khan, I hope the folks are callin on
I got the mind and focus of Travolta in phenomenon
I even up the odds between the commoners and comodans
My teeth are fucked so we don't need a closeup of the monologue
I'm as live as a .., shit I could dive in the lava
Naked is naked but, say that's my kinda sauna
You rhyme like a ..., but got the...
Just cause your on a dick don't mean you got the mind of a rider
See, now my feet are restin on the neck of the skeptics
Testin my ethics to adhere to the acceptable methods
Yeah, I want hugs and kisses
I want somethin vicious
.. question get.. except what they're left with
I'm not a reasonable god
I'll crush the peas in your pod
While they pleadin I'm like "Please, I ain't squeezin that hard!"
If you find a silver lining then you've seen a mirage
Cause what goes around tokes you out and leaves you to rot

Had to be me
Within the beat, reppin the street, blessin his speech
(Y'all know me)
Had to be me
That was born after thirty-six weeks
(Pleased to meet me)
Had to be me
In the stands with the fans drop the heat
(Y'all know me)
Had to be me
Twenty five eight always on my grind no sleep
(We be reppin this shit since day one)

Had to be prem, that crem de la crem
That's bent off that crem demend and Jim blended whisky bender again
Prone to offend these gender bendin women and men
Tryin to contend their prepubescent phlegm
Can't react oppression never developed the gems
My pen is unrelentin fight attempts to do a dental expense
My shine with make the eye on the pyramid blink
Vaginas flow the same I think your period sink
That hand in the ink, I'm doctorin the flows
Why you posturing? It shows your not a flow nobody cares what you think
My spit game is razor blade, tailor made for 808s
I double the appraisal of a label once they say my name
The trouble I will save you
Just rearrange the names son stage
Cause we don't rap the same, go get a facial son is acting vain
Pre-packaged plastic wrappin actors not attractin fame
Screamin at your dame tryin to rearrange her mattress sprains
PremRock will acclimate accelerate and activate
Grabbin dollars off the backboard then hand him back his change
Saying ... and my reaction "Eh, that's a shame"
Reality distorted you hallucinatin accolades
..., son we don't need that
These bad .. thug talkin suited ...
...
Elbow the free-throw
...
Stand around like pizza dough
Different town, freak the show
Already off runnin once I hit it like I'm...
Had to be that blown speaker, preacher keep the even flow
I'm approaching every stage like 'Listen, yall don't even know"(Cheap sex)
Drugs and rock 'n roll
(Cheap sex)
Drugs and rock 'n roll

[Verse 1]
High definition of speed, war vision
My degrees open doors with keys, and get locked up
Wide angle spectrum of dangerous scenes
Link shots, watch robbers and cops schem
Stand by the freezer, you're gone, young havocs in storm
Graduate to a grave, they even clap in your dorm
Look at your head plan, holdin' your cell
While you're in a holding cell for direct sales, hand to hand

[Interlude]
The boys in blue are back (Where you at?)
The boys in blue are back (Got to react)
The boys in blue, the boys in blue
The boys in blue are back

And that's not R'Thentic
I know why I gotta stop for search
That ain't work, that's my blackout verse
And I'm targeted

Ey, yo, what you [?] [?]
Never mind, man, 'fore I get it

[Verse 2]
From [?] [?], plantation to White House lawn
Drug charters come with the firearms
Be warned, y'all, to the fullest
The translation of what I'm sayin' without [?] bullets
What happened? The scrappin', life became business
Snitches get stitches, in front, Jehovah Witness
Flux parallax, paradigm shift
Process [?], patience, project bliss
That's not R'Thenic, like payin' for water
Why [?] limits? I embark endless order
Ebony skills, son of electricity spill
The heavily melody movin', the legacy's real
Rappers killin' rappers, it's a wrap for fans
Ball players [?] cats in the [?]

[Interlude]
And that ain't R'Thentic speech like arsenic leech
To teach my son strictly art, in its own energy
Part the speech and shop lyrics
'Till my art finishes [?] [?] [?] [?] [?] [?]

[Verse 3]
This is for R'Thentic!
I talk like arsenic
58 shots go off with a [?] in it
From the pistol making a mark in it
That's a starter jacket, hit with a star finish
When they start the record, that's when the arts blemish
And it's not spinnach, and it's not women
And got green upstate (Upstate)
The D's on the corner, but wait
Ain't no green on the plate (Why?)
Moms don't cook no more
She done dropped the baby off at the door and took off on a white horse
Galaxy twist, unicorn bliss
Gettin' appointments, missin' appointments
Hittin' the joint quick, spit conversations bluntly
Conversion, mumblin' money and hungry
Block parties, six gen is slick sinners
Starvin' kids, dig up your nose and pick winners
So R'Thentic, [?] flows like arsenic
BPK, [?] summers, stay on your pivot
And if you ain't spit a mack, you're the gat
Before the [?], fast react, you go [?] [?]

Move up in life in the music, man
And you forget how to move with fams

That ain't R'Thentic speech like
In the dark
That ain't R'Thentic speech like arsenic leech
In the dark

Nowhere to hide
If you owe, you go

That ain't R'Thentic street, live R'Thentic, eat

Lounge for a minute and breathe
Miniature minds meet

Move back, that ain't R'Thentically street(Intro) 60 Second Assassin
She faced the hardest tiiiiiiime
You can imagine
As many tiiiiiiiime
Her eyyyyyyyyes fall back to tears
Now, now

[Bronze Nazareth]
Yo, yo, yo
The setting is a smoke filled room
With 2 Rottweilers howling at the moon
.38's on the table, less light than doom
Still, her smile white as opposite the groom
Am feeling soo sick coz she makes me feel boom
Steps right into the ashtray from the past day
Holding remains of 2nd hand decay
She stood up slow, like a triumphant rose
At school she studied Darfur, wondered what was worse
Felt bad rocking furs but comfortable near a hearse
What's better? He met her while under lead vendetta
Main suspect he deaded two cops out in Redford
Ran back to the hood, poison lead preferred
Kept the kettle burning for the hot ones that echoed thru
Love at first feel of fast life, stenciled too
One time she was on the scene, he sent her off to school
Hid his guns, his crimes, hid his ones, and his fives
Had her selling dimes, she faced the hardest time
You can imagine, with her thoughts fabric woven
Natural golden suntan, one day inside a smoke web
She met a dread; toward the righteous path they broke bread
Told him love was hot lead dodging, and FEDS watching
Rolling block, cutting rocks, to get opulent
He said only true niggas will advance
I'm becoming a Buddha, but for now I'm still man

(Hook) Samples
Cappadonna - "I make love to you"
Killah Priest - "Not just into screwing you"
Killah Priest - "Can't live without you"
Inspectah Deck - "You hate me or you love me?"
Nas - "I trust myself, I can't fuck myself"
Inspectah Deck - "You hate me or you love me?"
Killah Priest - "Not just into screwing you"
Killah Priest - "Unusual, make love to you like a musical"

[C-Rayz Walz]
From baptized to banished
Her back side was Spanish
Her face was Irish
Her cream so vanished
She was Dorothy on a yellow brick, sunlight road
Good brain, good heart that's what sun gets showed
But have mo fear cuz oh yeah
When sun gets old and one gets told
The story of an ole Dead Flower
Let her get next to him
That's how she got power?
Heavy metal petals hold prophecies of Dead Flower
A wishing wells from hell?
Tears scorched ya face
The thoughts on tape would sound the same
If they were blank
Except where he wrote notes
Hole poked the whole flow
She gobbled and soul smoked
Undivine-men approached
First name Warren, her wound his food
A full moon ritual in a true dead garden tomb
Unholy mattress moaning
She was an actress posing
Flat on her back alas...without atlas holding
Skeleton love, she wiggled like gelatin does
No stooooping!!!
No telling me what what!?!
He's on the run beating
See the bodyrock reaping
Rocked a gold anchor at the dock of his breathing
See! His main bitch the chicken of the cee
Dealt with fear, rich bankers! Masons & freaks
Love hurts
Ironically sex would gut burst
Blood flood from the Earth
An irreversible curse
28 days later; the ship's to shore
He's lunatic, sure!
Quick to makes babies & dick raw
Reveal the history & leave the Earth in ruins
Hurt by what he said
She forgot what he's doing
Mums the word
But after this it's a mummy wrap
That ass is grass cut
She thought he'd want the money back
She say word!!
But never heard sentences
That's why he still smoke quotes where the incense is
And to his seeds - he prolly never mention this
Unless it just for emphasis on where the wisdom went
And the love - the grudge...tears, sweat & the blood
Dead Flower I ain't digging you up
What!?!?

My love is gone
Son still keeping you strong
Keep keeping it on
All my love is gone
Word, son still keeping it strong
Keep keeping it on
All my love is gone
Son still keeping you warm
Keep keeping it strong
All my love is gone
Word, son still keeping it on
Keep keeping it on
All my love is gone
Son still keeping you warm
Keep keeping it strong
All my love is gone
Word, son still keeping it strong
Keep keeping it on
All my love is gone
Son still keeping it on
Keep keeping it strong
All my love is gone
Word, son still keeping you warm
Keep keeping it on
All my love is gone
Son-son overstand, theme of the song
All my love is goneHere I come, you know where I'm from
Do the math, son, I originate with the drums
Native tongues lounging, my third eye's beyond browsing
Swam nine thousand, woke up on the shores of project housing
Genesis, wide wingspan like Pegasus
My gym effortless for turntable terrorists
88 hip hop, certified for net murder
Snatch you out the chat room, smack your server
Bug Out poster child, approach the wild calmly
Let 'em think I'm Ghandi, then transform to Genghis Khan, see?
Baby, I bop, so you love me like Barney
Kiss my honeymoon, then spaz out like Mark Carney
Energy solar, battle moe, froze polar
Balance the scales to be some shit, green told y'all
Big mics fo y'all, my crew Stronghold, y'all
One two three four five, that's the roll call
Roll call, roll call, roll call.....

I make 'em study, thirty-five to fifty years
Strained brains become bloody, eyes swiftly tear
Risky peers become queer, you can't diss me
I know who I be like Bizzy
Chief rocking, keep watching, soon you'll turn to stone
I got Medusa's head in an Iceberg bag at home
Mama said life's like a bag of chocolates (Why?)
It'll make you sick if you don't watch it.....

You're styles' toy, my homeboy is God Rally
Smack wack emcees like they stepped on my Ballies [New Balance]
The roof's on fire? Let it burn, hot shit
From the foundation, I learned y'all can't rock shit
I get busy on topics, you propless
I get J.U. Ice when I drop it
You ain't def, step, you pet breathe Karma
Your upside down peace sign's the V-Bomber....

On battle stage, I shapeshift my mouth to grenades
My hands razor blades, invisible ink
You will never page, I'm splashing
Except when I'm gone, you remember the pain of what happened
Super rapping, like collabos with Batman and Mack 10
Skull cracking, back smacking, for track acting
Make you traffic, grey matter in gridlock
I'm a nutty professor, you a nigga with shitlocks
Hip hop, ain't been to sleep in three days
Dreams of spray cans, B-girls and DJs
Gold chain, cocaine before a crack rock
Coleco before a laptop, flicks in front the backdrop....

We off the muscle, keep the meat rack, speak fact
Anything less than truth; you keep that
Weak cats, pull your seat back and kick your feet up
Listen to the beat, black, now watch me heat up
Me and plain pat contact on the same track
Modern day slaves yelling: "give me my brain back!"
Raps contain facts like maps of pyramids
But I'll cut your ears off, cuz you ain't hearing it....

Vivid how I paint this, Rayz and green dealing
High degrees of patience, stay casing
Justice the Janitor, life is high maintenance
Foul flagrant, winer of the ancients, smell the fragrance
Titanium wristband, back stroke in quicksand
Iron fist, velvet glove slid on my brick hand
My Nike swish land right over my Nick Vans
Excel, laid back in Hell with a kickstand
Study they movement, like blind ninjas, infrasensor
Niggas got on sandals, in the middle of the winter
Stuck on six, like chicks, bitch slow your dick tip
Flip sick scripts, can't even hold your shit liquids
Fresh enough to make a dope feind close the vien
Tear my shirt off, just to expose my chain
You know my name, knowledge actions, now
I wanna cry, but I'm so happy I can't frown
Like I wanna throw God on the ground
Pick him back up and start laughin
Run through times square flashin
Blasting, just to see cypher's reactions
Then disappear, like flesh after years in the casket

A-ha-ha....C Rayz Walz!!!!.....in the house.....recognize my crew
Stronghold....

Y'all niggas getting gloss in the Porshe and got robbed
My style fucks your head up, like elevators blowjobs
Go to jail, while I'm in the streets eatin
Hotel suite beatin, rhyme releasin
Your styles like Rome, I ancient ruin it
You talk about gats on tracks, who doing that?
Squirtin, don't be the next missing person
First in, Howling like Thirstin while you rehearsing
Maury Povich covering fag rap aerobics
Your sneakers wrinkle, my eyes twinkle on some glow shit
Blow with angels, conversate with culprits, blaze form
Analyze stars like Lloyd Strayhorn
Floss and get your papers lost like beef with the prison boss
On a crash collision course in a drunk driven Porsche
Picture me in a box bleeding, corrupt reasons
Crush emcess like fuck truck season
What you believe in?, thank god if you still breathin
Cuz I roll like [ ? ]
What y'all trying to do, we already did it
Your weekly sum equals new kicks and fitteds
Spit blizzard, for my brethren in prison
That chick, you stick it?, get your ass in the clinic
I vision myself, taking no shorts like bar midgets
Speak physics, conjugate a picnic
The gifted, politic and rhyme money shipment
Royalties, cop more war equipment
Roll with the ghetto fitness, knuckle swiftness, relentless
Quickness, blink and you missed it
C-Rayz Walz in your district
Stronghold!!! FUCK EMCEES WITH NO MIC CONTROL!!!![Verse 1]
Fuck alarm clocks—battle me, you'll start wakin’ up
I slice you with your rhyme book and write verses on your paper cuts
With alcohol pads, excuses you'll be makin’ up
Sound dumb like Outkast breakin’ up
Last time you shot somebody, you had a camera
I'm C-Rayz, the author of stamina
Loungin’ on the walls, you end up like Humpty Dumpty
Get your shell cracked, scrambled, and served with something
I'm a narcissist.  I bomb quick.  You’re full of shit like sausages—pardon this
I alone turn crews into the Partridge kids
I love games—I play you like bragging right cartridges
Y'all against me is dragons versus ostriches
Totally preposterous.  Like abortions, I kill stupid kids before they act up
Make a new suit flip, call it a black tux
You cracked up like baseheads in a space ship
Playin’ Skelly in the Matrix, the only thing I lose is my patience
I smack the shit out you tissue heads
Once the missile set, you see I’m official bread
Hip hop Don, deep into stocks and bonds
I'll take a shit in your house and blame it on your moms
Survivin’ the game.  When I get money, I’m buyin’ a chain
Drivin’ a Range and my flame will expire your fame
I'm comin’ through.  Loaded one, buckin’ two
I'm C-Rayz Walz, son.  Who da fuck are you?

[Hook] (x2)
Ayo yo yo, I’m truckin’ through with my ruckus crew, your luck is through
Yo I’m C-Rayz Walz—WhoDaFuckAreYou?
I'm comin’ through, fifth knuckle bruise, brick fist snuffin’ you
Yo I’m C-Rayz Walz—WhoDaFuckAreYou?

Who da fuck is you (x5)
C-Rayz Walz, Plain Pat

[Verse 2]
Some people must get jacked
My repertoire from back: smackin’ cats wit gats on impact
Just like that, we festered like bubblin’ cuts
Doublin’ up—now, funny cats get fucked up for bumblin’ stuff
The nearest truck rolled up.  I’m just playin’ wit this
Every line explosive.  My pen broken up but
Still smokin’, strokin’, thrust.  Fuck closin’ shows
My frozen flows is hot, let me open up
Like Arabian referees who yell sesame plus
I'll spread through the industry with leprosy cuts
Effectively strut, put a hole in one the second we putt
You so pussy you come from a rib, you son of a gut
Lining ass rappers up, I'm the lightning struck
Blazin’ like we lightin’ a Dutch Masters up
At the Mason-Dixon line, twistin’ lime in a cup
Get your mind fucked up while your nine in the truck
Even my producer know math with his Caucasian ass so
Just because you say, “Please,” don’t mean I won't blast, stupid
You gotta show and prove it.  Brothas live and die for this music
Don’t do it for amusement
Ghetto hi-top, blaze you for your hydrox
Put Glocks on my Irish clock and watch my eyes pop
Chicken head, I dead your livestock
Do a song with Charles Dutton to see how I rock

[Hook] (x2)
Ayo yo yo, I’m truckin’ through with my ruckus crew, your luck is through
Yo I’m C-Rayz Walz—WhoDaFuckAreYou?
I'm comin’ through, fifth knuckle bruise, brick fist snuffin’ you
Yo I’m C-Rayz Walz—WhoDaFuckAreYou?

Who da fuck is you (x5)
C-Rayz Walz, Plain Pat

[Outro]
What, what?!?  Yo, me and Plain Pat go way back.  Like spines on a scale.  I’m fuckin’ through with my ruckus crew.  Me and Plain Pat.  You don’t understand this?  Yo, WhoDaFuckAreYou?  Stupid.  C-Rayz Walz.  This is my destiny, regardless of how you feelin’Word up, I ain't forget y'all, yeah Doug

[C-Rayz Walz]
Four to five times, dum-dums blast
In the chest of my brother, that breath was the last one
I don't believe it, my heart need a cast
I told him, GET OUT THAT LANE, cause it was too fast
Ain't it time to, cut these yellow lines, the
Show must go on I got his younger brother on my mind
Cash tragic, wish I knew magic tricks
I'd bring it back to the physical script
And dreams is broke, he got smoked for coke - in the form of rock
What it made worse, he was on his own block
At the funeral, I cried then laughed
At the same time, my wrath, had me happy and sad
To reminisce, off his unique funnyness
Adds up to this, his life was a gift
To be back, the memories from days of way back
Before, Crips or gats, colored tops and graf
We thought, bikes was fat, and girls was whack
They said you died black, but I don't believe that
'Member that time I took the shit in the train station
And you said the cops was comin, but you was just playin
Right after we robbed that crackhead fams
That was back in the day, but DAMN
We both had the, high-top, fades like Kane and
We was fiendin for them Nike Airs on Fordham Road
It don't make sense, how you was gone
And it don't make rent, how I don't get paid for this song
But it make rent, in my pocket when I pull 'em out
And it make me, wanna go and.. yo
I feel like blastin myself, cause my pops is gone
This ain't nothin goin on, but the stocks and bonds
Lost in the ocean of life, provokin the strife
Couldn't see the day, with the motion of night

[Hook - repeat 2X]
Off on the road, 3 card molly
Fuckin up the icey man in front of everybody
BX, the place I was from
BX, man I loved that slum

[C-Rayz Walz]
And Ms. Rios, sorry that I dissed your flag
And when Ty got shot, he had to shit in a bag
But that's okay, cause Ra lay, on the same corner
On the same ave, where I sold, marijuana
And Ms. Carolyn, was a nosy neighbor
Mr. Sack was screamin loud, but that was the days
Of a angry sick juvenile, mentality
Not nice on the mic, but niggas ain't wanna battle me
Cause the knuckle game was Chuck Norris
The gun was enchanted, enterin a buck-buck forest
Without the dollars, more lies that Morris
You know how it go, for con artists
I remember block parties and, 22's
And light and serious and, a funny crew
And Jabu I miss you, when you died I was upset
Couldn't know how it felt, to be a Vietnam vet
To hear bombs goin off in your ear, with big Metallica
And now we in the streets and the jails is like Galaga
They got your DNA sample
Plus they got your female in the house trampled
{*sounds*} is the hell of the train station
I try to move out, leave the pain vacant
But it stay here, and it stays there
Bust out, stray shots, there's no fear

[Hook]Hip-Hop..

'86, '86, '86

'86, '86, '86
Yo

[C-Rayz Walz]
Yo when C-notes and deep throats
I'm from the era of sheep coats, manilla envelopes and weed smoke
Block parties in 22
Graffiti artists like Tru, Two and Jewel, just to name a few for you
Now or Laters and son dudes, you hear son?
Fair ones, before niggas learned gun fool
Yeah +Run+, D.M.C.'s were original
Now we got pretty thugs, and soft criminals
I remember hip-hop, not dominated by visual
Your rap was critical, or the crowd got rid of you (boooo)
Now it's pseudo-pitiful, plus punks be 'fessin
Sellin records, talk about what they dressed in
I'm sayin that's a part of it (what) but not the start of it
The livest show, used to be in your apartment kid
Hip-Hop! Started out in the dark
Now it's mainly focused, to where the fly cars is parked
But it's still in my, still in my heart

'86, '86, '86
'86, '86, '86

[C-Rayz Walz]
Busy Bee told y'all, now I'mma Kurtis Blow y'all out the art
So fresh you jet from perfected darts
Mic projection sharp, your heart pump Kool-Aid
You whack, what? Bring the noise! I got crazy backup
Pow-Wow was my neighbor, Rasheim had flavor
I was pumpin Sugarhill, on my sister's record player
Window wide opened, "The Message" was blastin
UTFO was next, then Inspector Gadget
Had to be near a bastard to see mean shots
Never was a killer, couldn't make it to my 13 box
5 cent refund, brung change for video games
Now I see the youth, the scenario changed
It used to be the truth, only rappers had big change
We argued who was nicer, Rakim, KRS or Kane
I'm havin +Nightmares+, I had to speak to Dana Dane
Told him I remember the days, and how they made me wanna say
Wanna say, wanna say

'86, '86, '86
'86, '86, '86

[C-Rayz Walz]
I was body poppin, rockin shockin, plottin to splash in class
Girls said I looked like Lakim Shabazz
My homegirl Roxy was Manhattan's daughter
So slick she bought a bag of chips with a +Latin Quarter+
Word to Big Bird herb, and the Izod gators
Let's take it +Back to the Future+, without the flux capacitators
No backsees, no penny taps for clones
On my tracks, I would die over spit, like Ramone
You WHACK and get no dap for your rap
Shot through the bottom of your feet, now that's my soul clap
So go gold or go plat', but don't go back
Unless you down by law, cause you might get slapped and jacked
Smash your turntables with a hammer (one two)
Now, how's that for breakbeats, knowledge my grammar
At the rally with my Ballys when it's time to show and prove
On some old school shit like make me, make me move[L.I.F.E. Long]
Into the war of the worlds, where cities twirl
L.I.F.E. Long shaking planets for the gems and the pearls
Conquering lands when I spit out and hurl words
It's a Stronghold writer's guild, Cannibal Ox take over your herd
We planted our flags on your soils
Despoiling opponents with turmoil
Only rap, won't spit in the aluminum foil
We potent with rounds lit out similar to triggers pulled on religions
I was there when it all first sparked
Jersey next to poisonous darts
Camoflauged with the dark, to blend in with the scenery
Snatch your whole team's referee machinery
Before knowin I landmine spot blowing
Throwing heads off tracks, smackin em with an open palm
BITCH SLAP
Make your whole body feel it when I spray
The battle's just begun, it gets deeper as the song plays

[Vordul Mega]
Mega with his arms folded
Fists balled up
Toast on the side of my waist
V on the buckle of the belt
Rappin' hell
Cape flowin
Still standin
With two cannons
1 3 2 got me vanished
Ninja in the night with the phantoms
Amped up, set off operas
See rays blast from the optics
Living in fucked up ghetto economics
Spit from the voicebox, nasty with sonics
Animals released out of boxes
Plus we got that Stronghold on the throat
That'll leave you all gone on the float
Split belly cause you off the boat

[C-Rayz Walz]
The battle for Asgard and we fight as gods
Shatter your glass cage into a thousand crystal shards
I stayed in the basement, like the Krueger Kid
Shut the city down like Chabad-Lubavitch
Your stupid clique wrestle warlocks
The audience backed you
I drank eight ounces of water
With my time capsule
Wrote rhymes with Father Times on Mother Nature's fabric
A hard rock, I descended from stone tablets
Juggle your bones and poems, about to see foes
Who couldn't bounce from spot to spot like weak toes
Allow me to surf on your brain waves with jet skis
Unless you want your wrists to part like the red sea
On the roof of hell, you got stomped by angel's feet
Cause you can't be down, you had gravity deficiency
(We spit thoughts!)
I translate harpoons to sharp death
When the point is made, from my underwater breath
Don't get walls confused with linoleum
And try to cut my square like a scared custodian (know me son!)
Every bite upon, I told you not to get it on
But you still drink a hose with a broken magic wand
Strong Atoms, whole family dear
To duplicate & recreate could take a light year
Squeeze your head into a sneaker, lace your face
Throw you in a black hole, make you swim through space

[Vast Aire]
We mind-bogglin', spine-tinglin'
Got the stroll of Galactus now I'm planet-swallowin
Megala's got the surfboard and he's hollerin
All arch-enemies must die
And I know you not unbreakable son, that's a lie
And you can't have my 3.14, that's my pi... (stupid!)
I'm a diamond in the rough, and you're lucy in the sky with a cubic
Your raps don't do it
I deal with cloud nigga patrol
Plus my real name is closer to Thor's than yours
Where we practice there is no flaw
This is the battle for Asgard (say no more)
Atoms fam & Stronghold, nuclear clamp the mic
And you and your best friend don't even sound tight
I guess something ain't right
We like constellations when they close in
The lost sons of Odin
With a mouthful of parables to get em open
But the psionic imagery'll leave em frozen
I used to outdo cats like you in my lunch period
Then conversate with the burning bush about a period
And bust through your ego like the hymen line of scrimmage
Right for the goal, your warning comes in 2 minutes[C-Rayz Walz]
Where there's a will there's a way, no? Where there's Will there's Jada
I catch then PISS in the face of a hater
Congratulate us at afterparties in heaven
Thank God my intro was peace to the 7's, let's go!

[Hook: singers]
Battle me, so you can see
How I blast flows, so easily
Battle me, so you can see
How I blast flows, so easily

[C-Rayz Walz]
I'm the foul author of styles out of order
I got skills, I could drown you with a cup of water
So don't waste my time with stupid questions like, "Aiyyo you rhyme?"
You don't need to hear my verse, you got enough on your mind
You work for WHO, so?! I don't wanna get signed
My shadow's chasin me, basically, I'm ahead of my time
Tryin to get this green out the heat like spinach rolls
So don't make me put 6 in your Kevin Cole
Yo Walz they hollerin at you - in a minute yo!
Tryin to score points with the right hooks like Riddick Bowe
Battle me - don't challenge me with them simple styles
I'll have your crew sayin WHO like some Temple Owls
I'm like John Stockton, I don't even have to score
I just make the game better, by bein out there on the floor
So when you ice grill me, instead of breakin your jaw
I think FIREBALLS in your face like a young Drew Barrymore, c'mon!

[Hook]

[C-Rayz Walz]
Verses like these be bullets that speed and rush
While you the type to audition, for "Eden's Crush"
I have a group but they was like - he's enough
Okay, I see the truth, y'all don't believe in us?
I'll be the proof, real MC's succeed and plus
I'm comin through ya hood bumpin goods in the Jesus truck
You squeezin bucks? Well you probably poppin a buck
I hope you catch +Bucks+ like Milwaukee, what?
Too much players in the game, make it hard to believe
When I got the ball yo follow me like a 3-man weave
Might go out to Tahoe, the regime was green
And I cut the iron off, y'all thought I lost some steam
You SOFT! I'm not the type to force my dream
Of course I floss V.I.P. without no cream
Yo I got more lines than double dutch tournaments in Harlem
And if I ain't on your roster, your label got problems - battle me!

[Hook]

[C-Rayz Walz]
Never been to Me-xi-co, but got ki's from medico
Deep sea flow, peep my notes with periscopes
Police think I pump perrico, that's for petty folks
Who don't know the science of the walk with the blade in his throat
Still strugglin but I'm bubblin to make it clearer
I ain't seein myself - in a house of mirrors
Times is good, but your moms is still in the hood
Stay on my tip and get splinters in ya lip from bitin the wood
I'm not Santa's helper, I'm not rappin for free
Next time you step to C, I'm clappin ya feet
Psycho visions, I hear voices, listen (STOP CALLING ME)
I feel like the Geico Lizard
Aiyyo I'm spittin for real, gotta love that kid
"AIYYO C-RAYZ WALZ, MAN I LOVE THAT KID"
If you're fly the sky flyin, for real
I'm one of those things you could die tryin, BUCK, if you battle me

[Hook]

[Singers]
So easy for me
So easy for me
It's so easy, for me
People always tryin to step, sayin they are the best
But watch me break them down, that they must confess
It's so easy for me, oh ohh ohh
So easy for me, oh ohh ohh ohh{Aesop Rock}
Yo
I take 10 steps with a bent left vision
Study the disorders we've absorbed inside the village
I understand the plagues and why they shake hands with my grimace
Then remain up in my face like top to bottom train car fill-ins
Let's question the ascension of a broken social icon and bury its domino affect
I'mma blow this hex over the mission
Just to administer the end-all sucker punch toward its pitiful condition

{C-Rayz Walz}
With no alibi love is used as a guide by the civilized
Some see it as the body heat you feel when you close your eyes
That's so much of a lie, you can leave your hair dyed and scorch your roots
As the truth hits your ears begin to cry
"Why Is It Like This!" Why the fuck do I care?
I don't have the answers, or at least the ones you want to hear
City lights look like bright groups of fire flies
Many see the truth (the proof) only when the liar dies
Tires screech to a halt, the ground cries
Spit sparks speak to the streets
The skid marks are replies
Read discussions of what we rode through entrenched in the vocals
The hopeless stay hopeful (the toxic fumes choke you)
As I walk out my door, step into the pollution
(I breathe in the problems) exhale solutions
Physically the situation's hard to stop
I had a wicked jump shot and sold crack rock on back blocks
Casualties in this apocalypse (street chronicle)
Abnormal abdominals (push-ups phenomenal)
Relaxin drinking my 6-pack maxing
Faxing my thoughts on the satellite, via Donahue (push it)
Table talk, salt and pepper conversation
Integrated sectors, metropolis and mecca
It's a conspiracy (you know), I can't lie dukes
Sometimes I feel the rats got a better deal than I do

{Aesop Rock}(Chorus)
It goes thieves, bandits, low lives, scum
Punks that buckle under the rumble of my drum
Steadily searching for something new under the sun
But its stagnant, act of development first of madness

Thieves, bandits, low lives, scum
Punks that buckle under the rumble of my drum
Steadily searching for something new under the sun
But its hurtin, act of development first diversion

{C-Rayz Walz}
A new universe in ancient, so I stay patient
In a gravel pit, travelin thoughts unraveling, pacing
Embracing light of America, and found a shade of darkness (underground)
The traincar used to be my apartment
Sick of people rushin in the doors before I get out
Conductors closing the doors before I get in, I shout
"The blizzard's coming, the blizzard's coming!" ?
Don't get worried now (We've been in a cold world!)
We just getting flurries now?

{Aesop Rock}
Yeah, its like sloooowww dooowwwn
You're movin much too fast to bust through the finale fashioned glass
Its delicate demeanor and I teach you how to hang
But we like 1970 something 20 kliks outside Da Nang (Dear Obedience)
I apologize for the faulty academics
But they placed us in a miserable stasis
I let bygones be bygones
But tryin to see eye to eye with the faceless
Just ain't working the way the manual paints it
See I soak in a blue note factory
While most cats hassle bandits lamping (?) solo
And when the last red brick topples over the earth
To intercept your crooked little mess
I can be found in a social coma directly to your left
Engaged in a conversation, a marvel with my breath
Regarding how to document the shady baby steps
I bounce checks like a modern man
Sleep with one eye open while the other two drift
Together specimens from the promised land
This for the thinkers
This for the urchins allergic to they own stingers
This for the absurd verdict linkers
This for that cat at my shows that's always got prophetic opinions
But can't remember where his drink is
I'm wallowing, shrugging I'm plugging your corporation
Cause we alley cats addicted to the sickly warped sensation
Answer this: when all is said and done
Are you a memorable trooper or just a lab rat on the run
Choose one

{Chorus}(Don't look now, you're becoming your parents)


[Hook]
Pop plug the ladies in
Mum kept the babies in

[Chorus]
Do right Do right Do right Do right Do right {*3X*}

(sing it)

[Hook]
[Chorus]{*7X*}

Yo, I saw a dream flow slow
Through the soluble haemoglobin
With jackals of every trade
Wear their boogie faces for motors
She's walking beneath the rain
We're connected by flesh extends
We're hopping through every puddle
My little walkers connect and
Our showers create a business
Grippin', slippin', repeating it
Baby boys in the puddle
And mother settles for panic and
Distance has been created
I'm reaching up from the storm drain and
Sinking away the trust
While I'm screaming "maternal savior"

She vote to throw us out
With a flash little man huddle
An infinite, where maternal unit
Used to sleep uncomfortable
I stutter with choppy image
Unraveling, as she listens while playing
I heard a trouble funk
Waking me with a sentence

Mom, I saw a dream flow slow
Through the soluble haemoglobin
Where Teddy Ruxpin cuts daggers
And tusslin' with monster motors
You couldn't stop water choking me
He has that vein of magic
And I slip beneath the city far below the big erratic where

[Hook]
[Chorus]{*3X*}

[Hook]
[Chorus]{*3X*}

When I say he I mean I
(Family failed)
When I say you I mean we
(Will prevail)
When I say she I mean God
(Give us strength)

[Chorus]{*5X*}



I saw a dream flow slow
Through the soluble haemoglobin
Wher emotion causes no motions
A metal door opens on
Mom's smile
Dad's style
The dance maneuvers of a little child
Look to the sidelines for I shine upon my time
The Physic declines through sharp finds and blood lines
Upon the heathen dew remains cold
Though the sun shines
The other
Speak not of it
The moon will drag the oceans tide
The wind will blow
And then my heart will split

Back hunched, eyes low
Thoughts mutilate a slide show
The darkest thoughts were used in a row
Where did the child go?
A kiss is floating through the air but never landing
Will you accept all these excuses in exchange for understanding?

We saw a dream flow slow
Through the soluble haemoglobin
Where our love resembles loathing
And the beasts wear human clothing
And the thoughts of focus of consistent suicidal fabric
I slip beyond myself into the realms of bad magic

[Hook]
Do Right...... {*fades out*}[Verse 1: Freddie Bunz]
Arielle was a precious, down-to-earth, pretty girl
Partier; could probably outdrink any girl
7th grade, in homeroom stressing
She used to help me with this little math class session
Multiplication, linear equations, factorization, scientific notation
God-given beauty with natural ability
Argumental without showing hostility
Washington, DC, clowning on the bus
Secret Service bum-rushed us cause Bill Clinton's coming
Are you shitting? We wouldn't kill Bill Clinton
We was more interested in finding where the pith is
At nightfall, in dazing places
Smithsonian Museum of Air and Space
And while you're mourning
Me, I'm never crying
Your legacy is living cause to me you're never dying

[Hook: Freddie Bunz & C-Rayz Walz] * 2
You can live every second of the day having fun
Or you can be pissed, never get anything done
You can celebrate life
Or you can want death
I'd rather celebrate
Cause in the heart she never left

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Seeing J in 2000 (?)
The first time I seen him
Almost went heat-to-heat at the Fat Beats freelance (?)
I know I speak on behalf of the Rotten Appleists (?)
And for many soldiers from Minnesota, Minneapolis
The Leaning Tower of Pisa you bought slices for fans
Budweisers in hands, looking like you in the band
I'm at a loss for words, with no Scrabble
But I'm glad you beat Technique in the Fat Beats (?) battle
I thought it'd be me and you, same at Blaze
Ten years later, still got flavor, daze
Freestyle leaders, follow the spark
To understand The Many Faces of Oliver Hart
From the Fifth Element to the first rapper who staged(?)
To urban plaza(?), getting hype off rage
Rhymesayers forever, every verse is a blessing
Abilities manifest, we on earth for a lesson
Your vocal's a Moghul (?), no wonder
Instead of a cell, you gave me your home phone number
So when I heard news of your passing, I called up Kathy
Like, "Ma, what happened?"
And she confirmed the truth of strange factors
Headshots couldn't explain the brain fractures
(That night (?))
In my mind every time I rhyme you've always been
Now you gotta trade verses with time, divine flim (?)
So tell the Father: The sun is still shining
Living light, cause a bright Eyedea never dies
Mr. Larsen, you left the mic molested
The truth of real talk, this ain't no deep confession
Dope on the whole, so I know it's peace you rest in
Overloading the flow 'til the beat's congested
First Born
As I mourn feeling torn By the Throat
On the Carbon Carousel, I forgot what I wrote
This is where we were, you're where we all gotta go
Face Candy, sad face (?), happy clowns on the low (?)
No joke, this is The Some of All Things
Your advice: When in Rome, kill the king, like Larsen

[Outro] * 2
You could count every star in the sky at night
Live by the tongue, die on the mic
Infinite Clock Ovens (?)
Time's never done
All apart we come together as one to celebrate(Sample)
"All my massive, gotta get with it."

(Sample)
"I don't want n***az sounding like me, on no album."

Listen to the rhyme, listen to the beat..It's cool
I had to fight cause I brought hummus to school
I was vegetarian, then in 2000 shit became cool
I'm like what the fuck they can't stop me
I had to fuck people up to eat my broccoli
Now everybody wants a motherfucking salad
The bullet or the ballad
I'm like Malcom X on the step it's a mini me
Vs. the person who spit bars at Kennedy
Allah symmetry transition to Jesus Christ
Biggie or Pac? It don't matter, he's just nice
It's the season I motivate with light
It's the reason why you hear me on the mic so hype
With my blonde thing.. Cause I do the mic something dirty
You heard me, like Don King

(CHORUS)
I want a mustache damn it!Like Burt Reynolds
Like Burt Reynolds, Like Burt Reynolds..

I must splash canvas, your bus pass ran it
On a concourse stuck like fuck mass transit
I buck blast answers, what black antlers?
Man vs. Wild, I'll eat a muskrat sandwich
When I'm online don't be a fucking bass scammin'
Fuck that blam him, crush that salmon
Pardon my french or my rough ruck manners
"********?" What? That's just bad Spanish
Tweet, tweet my beat skeet on your songs
I be street in the sheets with your moms.. real talk!
I'm being funny, but yo it's like money: I come and I go
The root of all evil, I know
My He Man'd get "****?" to smoke
One shot pops tequila and quote
Fire hut stop dropping and roll, my spit give me props like Ramone
How am I gonna go pop holmes? Pop was never home!

(CHORUS)
I want a mustache damn it!Like Burt Reynolds
Like Burt Reynolds, Like Burt Reynolds..

(Sample)
" I put two hands together like twelve o'clock"

(Sample)
" We rock for ourselves, we don't need no fans
But if you're in the place to be, let me see your hands"Got you

[Hook One]
Yo where you at? Right here; what'd you spit? Light years
I'm fresh - like a new pair of white Airs
Stay crazy, blaze daily; say babies, raise ladies
Buck 50, keep the change - here's a buck 80

[Hook Two]
Yo where you at? Right here; what'd you spit? Light years
I'm fresh...
Stay crazy, blaze daily; say babies, raise ladies
Buck 50, keep the change - here's a buck 80

Chicks dig how I spit it, ladies love the phlegm
I don't ball with none of y'all, I'm still above the rims
And the roundhouse kicks, had the streets, huggin these jims
Drop jewels, even fools be lovin the gems (dig it)
Let's get it on and poppin, and keep it activated
I hope you mean advanced, speakin on any plans rap-related
I body my verses, rip the beat, shape it
Press rewind, play it, say it, get me reincarnated
Like retards gettin pussy, I dumb in the cut
You wake up in jail cells, with a thumb in your butt
You ain't a thug, I run the club with rum in the cup
Ready to rush your DJ, just to make your music jump (punk)
That's why I go to clubs with like ten beams
And the white mens I run with can't jump, cause they own the team
And if you ain't Kim, it seems you don't know me
I spit 16's in your face like twin Kobe's

[Hook One] - 2X

[C-Rayz Walz]
Chances get slim like {?}, that shapeshift
Cause Snoop done wrecked +Gin & Juice+ like BET, and my Chi homey
Who's fuckin with dis? Have you duckin the hits
Leave you stuck in desert with a bucket of piss (bitch)
Sit in the passenger seat, while I'm crashin your Jeep
Hot potato was the only way you herbs was passin the heat (c'mon son)
You a mangina, and a prom queen-ah
Who learn how to thug from fans and don divas
This is that Hell Rell shit, that spell well kid
I snuff buildings, if I wanna sell bricks
Deal with thick {?}, no time for fine dimes
My lines got +Big+ potential like I write for Shyne
And I'm master of the cypher, Lord of the Rings
And my third-eye blings, like +The Scorpion King+
And that's exactly what sounds funny see
Cause next time I rap, it'll be on the soundtrack for Mummy 3

[Hook One] + [Hook Two]

[C-Rayz Walz]
The game's painstaking, I remain ancient
Claims to have your dame dancin naked on 'posin train stations
Cats'll push a button, mush ya wifey button
Never mind your business, divine intervention's when you butt in
I don't spit no more, I circle while at games
Quick to give you barbed wire thongs for your granny panties
You bitch made, couldn't stab a track with a switchblade
After you dictate, tell me how my dick taste
Put 7 in your chest, if you owe them / Odom checks
And I ain't talkin 'bout the Clippers, leave your jersey a mess
I'm a veteran, respect me, my basic spit
Make these young players better, like Jason Kidd
And if I'm gettin paper, it's cause I'm rippin flavor
I'm nice around the mic like the Wizard players
Spit a verse that deserve a replay
Get on some humble shit like YO, GIVE IT UP FOR THE DJ

[Hook One] - 2XMr. Metaphor
------------

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Mr. Met, C-Rayz, Breeze Evaflowin', forever knowing
Word up
Yo let that beat drop, you know wha I mean
I want to hear that shit, to make my head rock
Yea, I like it
Check it out
Yo, yea, Mr. Met
Check it out
Yo

Challenge me (uh-ha)
I'll split you like a personality (uh-ha)
??? ocean and all off the balcony
Take a bite outta me
You wanna battle me, badly?
Son, you're sadly mistaken I'm taking your heart for charity
Make you a memory, forever remember the melody (uh-ha)
Mystically, magically, cast you a spell, put you in agony
Half of me's energy, half of me's chemically imbalance-y
Challenge the majority (what), mudthafuck autourity
Spit like there was four of me
Metaphorical imagery wintery wonderland, ???, visually, vividly
Son, I'm living the life, stripping the light out of the galaxy
Brooklyn academy
Climbing around the walls of insanity

Breezer
-------

Yo, I stomp beat like the feet of extinct reptiles
I drink
Shit outta red vials, til shit get filed
Set style into motion, like the mic mechanism
Mic check the rhythm
Furious five, live
??Got?? re-incarnated on a different timeline
S, T, R the O, you know the rest (???)
??We're?? the best happy seeing cops with exploded vests (Blaow)
I'm so depressed, I write rhymes to go to rest
Sold the best shit, this side of a death kiss
Restless, spit aggressive like "Fuck y'all" (y'all)
Expose y'all for bitches, now the bitches will fuck y'all (y'all)
Wassup y'all, I spit, now you're giving shit up?
All the talking
Now you're like, walking on lava
There's the mic but don't bother, I'm alike to your father
I write, tip the barber blade, snip a clip
Transform the metal ??plic??, start super-baffalling hippocrites
Six shots short of a single clip
Bust off your wing with this
Your DJ swing on my single dick
Rock it like you fucking back me up on the road
But let static reload, ??and he too, tragically goes??
And your label won't help you neither
I'm a believer in internet fever
That got 'em falling to the Queen of Shiva
This shit is wet
And you ain't no water breather
You better leave this shit to Breezer
Take a breather

C-Rayz
------

I'm one of tha illest things you can think of
Like Sisqo slapping Mike Tyson with a pink glove
I know you fucked up, ya'll should've dropped acapella's
Cause you smoke crack, that dont make you down with roc-a-fella
You're a bastard, aborted from the mothership
Like a greedy fly, you always on some other shit
These ain't battles (wha), these are lyrical punishments
I'm their pop's man, look at what I done to the kids
I feel bad, its because I immediately spit
Your moms went out to buy tissue, never came back
I knew she was full of shit
You wack, and the fact, you and I know both, that the best rhymes of your life, will be your suicide note
Thats a joke
I did an instore
Took your girl to my house and did an inwhore, told her I was an ewok
From the planet endor
You laugh
FUCK rap
Play an accordian y'all
You couldn't rock the crowd if you threw stones at the audience ??before??
With one score, y'all found out we too raw
I've seen so much bitch in you, I though you were ???shoe stores???
I smack crews, for sounding wacker that Shaq Fu
Until Redman comes through, and screams "that's you!"
No, you'd better say is "i'll be wack"
I'll react like hammers jus tapped ma kneecaps
Blaow[MC Caness]
I stay a mile high like Denver
So I say, I better spit a chorus with a style I'll remember
So when you're spittin' it starts gettin' wild in the center
Rippin' it gifted like a Christian child in December
And gettin' it lifted like when I'm eatin' out blunt lips
You gettin' it twisted by speakin' 'bout dumb shit
Your young ship, I run shit from drum kicks to tongue flips
With Parallel Thought, it's much deeper than a cunt gets

[Wordsworth]
Choruses connect in my verses, raise the curtain
The crowd in unison has us connecting in person
Views so you know the titles of my songs vibe and sing along
What they ask for when you buy it in the stores
Without a hook you would OD from my bar supply
You need a break before your brain and your heart subsides
Give you a chance to turn it off or listen to the rest of it
Show you that I'm beyond and for y'all it's best to quit

[Karniege]
This is a great song stupid
Eight bar brutal when I cook you a hook that'll shake y'all noodle
Like hockey writers, smackin' a poodle
Put your hands up, that'll make 'em get cookoo
Straight jacket racket, kids unusual
Karniege swing buildings, "Yo where Brookey go?"
To another time zone, C-3PO
Funky like B.O., BB just ease yo

[Double AB]
These A&R's appall us, like "Nice verse but we want a chorus
Then you'll be larger than a dinosaur is."
So fuck a Brontosaurus, cause the shit I drop off the top enormous
Yo my shit is hot, get your fire insurance
They ask Double AB for catchy hooks
But all I rap about is Gangsta Bitches, that's the joint Apache took
So when they ask for hooks, this is what AB will do
Hook you up to feeding tubes, that's what you'll be eating through

[Interlude]
I'll tell you what kid. You'll never fuckin' be good enough. You'll never be good enough to sing in this fuckin' town, I'll tell you that. You'll never make Chorus Line. You ain't no Wonder Woman

[Tame One]
Trife I live it and give it all
With chickens for lickin' my balls and shaft, if not they haulin' ass
On blast cause even with no check
I gets low neck from chicks in projects with no sweat
Cause the heat's off, no threat
Here, here's my cell, you can yell at who you go get, tell 'em "get at me"
Let's be diplomatic, I'm [?]
Like Jim Jones, I've been grown
Since the only thing for me to fall back on is my ass
I'mma sing songs for cash on flask long as it last
Dead ass

[R.A. The Rugged Man]
Yo
Haters don't like us, we write this for 25 to lifers
In Rikkers and Harley Davidson riders and bikers
We Warriors, can you dig it like Cyrus? It's like a jungle sometimes
Lions and tigers want to ignite us and light us on fires
No cost, no platinum cards
Relaxing, back massage, ghetto ass rap stars
In the club flossin', I'm broke actin' large
Smooth secret garden, I'm the pale El DeBarge
Sho' yo' right

[C-Rayz Walz]
What you need to catch fish with
The Candyman's weapon of choice
Peter Pan's arch nemesis is this shit
Just don't let me connect one to your cheek
Cause if I do
You will tongue kiss your teeth for a week
Kareem Abu Jab y'all
I stay hittin'
Low dunks
But if the beats bangin', they'll listen
That's why my style is the science of jooks
I am Demetrius Mitchell
(Why?)
I am the hook

[Thirstin' Howl III)
The hook
With the line to follow
The real, the beaches define the model
Money, hoes, clothes still do them all
On the magazine cover of "Dude Was Poor"
Polo king
Oh yeah mayne
I'm the Goya bean
Still takin' all ya bling

[C-Rayz Walz]
That's why my style is the science of jooks
I am Demetrius Mitchell
I am the hook

[Klu Sheisty]
I am the hook, but that's just the half of me
I'm a walkin' weed spot you should ask for me
Got The Hook-Up like Master P, passin' trees
Guaranteed you'll be hooked from a blast of these
I'm a real dirty hook, stop actin' sweet
I hang dead cows up, don't ask for beef
I'm a real grimy hook to a nasty beat
I'm a real hot cook cause the rap's is heat

[C-Rayz]
Just don't let me direct one to your cheek
Cause if I connect
You'll tongue kiss your teeth for a week

[Sean Price]
Yo
Hook rap
Pirates, pot poets cook crack
You look wack
Hurricane game, sneakers on, fuck is wrong with ya?
Sean is a killer
Sean a gorilla
Ape in a tree
'Bout to scrape your date off some E
Back flippin', gats spittin'
Sell crack rappin' dude
Back smack a few rappers who rap with an attitude
Sixteen bars, bring in the hook
Sixteen scars, y'all niggas is shook
Who called police?

[Swave Sevah]
Ayo, fuck how many bars it take
I'mma keep spittin' rapid fire darts till the target break
I'm gon' be direct and get my point across in 8
Spit 16 out of this world if you lost in space
24 make you walk off with your chin in your chest
32 end your career, put your spirit to rest
This niggas a threat, just give me a track let it cook
I stop when I'm ready, I don't give a fuck about a hook

[Poison Pen]
Watch out for the hook, jeah
Eight bars, four bars, two bars
Most of y'all flakes is fubar
Niggas with no bars abuse 'em
Most of the rappers in Texas don't use 'em
Stupid
Right hook homie, bust up your shit
The wrong hook homie will bust up your wrist
Clutch up your fist
Don't fight with me
Get hit with so many hooks y'all should pay me ghost writing fees

[C-Rayz Walz]
What you need to catch fish with
The Candyman's weapon of choice
Peter Pan's arch nemesis is this shit
Just don't let me connect one to your cheek
Cause if I do
You'll tongue kiss your teeth for a week
Kareem Abu Jab y'all
I stay hittin'
Low dunks
But if the beats bangin', they'll listen
That's why my style is the science of jooks
I am Demetrius Mitchell
(Why)
I am the hook

[Thirstin Howl III]
Hook
Like prostitution
Pussy free everywhere is the top solution
New York slang, choose your gang
Still in all do ya thang
White bitches show me love before Jeezy knew what snow was
Hook
Longer than methadone clinic lines
Did it fine, didn't mind with pigeon primes

[C-Rayz Walz]
My style is the science of jooks
I am Demetrius Mitchell
I am the hook

[Immortal Technique]
Fuck a chorus
Straight cancer like Phillip Morris
Burning like magnesium phosphorus
Top of the food chain, tyrannosaurus
It's saber tooth, bloody truth
Ripped from under my tongue in the booth
Psychotic youth
Fucked in the mind
Monkey wrenching their own plans, stuck in they grind
A sign of the times
A forthright flooded with neo-nazis
And haunted by the souls of murdered Iraqis
No chorus can stop me
Motherfuck 'em

[Outro: Immortal Technique]
Hahaha. Fuck a chorus nigga. Stronghold. Immortal Technique. C-Rayz Walz. Uh. Like that. Hahahaha(ROD STARZ VERSE)
I promised I would rap like a superstar rap
Spit like a monster
Put myself on the map
First rap in English
Than rap in Spanish
Que lo que tu dice
Boy, I cause damage
International worldwide
Resistance in my lyrics
Walkin down these Mean Streets
To the House of Spirits
Yo represento lo que canto en mi canciones
Amor. Justicia. Hip hop revoluciones
Listen here
We done preachin' to the choir
We stayed on the block, took the neighborhood higher
I guess I just listen to the little voice speakin'
The one that said
"Never deny what u seekin'"
That made me a believer
Que todo es possible
Mi flow como la lucha
Siempre sigue
They call it ADD when u wildin' and don't listen
They make think you crazy if you question they system

(HOOK)
Call me Craaazy
Cuz I look different than you
Spark fear out the corner of yo' peripheral?
Call me Craazy
Like I'm the violent one
Livin' in the empire that was born out the gun
Now that's Craaazy
What I'm supposed to?
When they shut the stores down and there ain't no food?
Now that's Craaazy
Like I'm the violent one
Livin' in the empire that was born out the gun

(C RAYZ VERSE)
Crazy is as crazy does
Attack the industry wit a chainsaw
For a crazy buzz
What's crazy is $2.50 for a fare
Tryna get iced out
But its snow everywhere - yeaaah
A cold world we livin' in
Ol' girl, pimpin kin
I'm general Tso
Minus the boneless chicken
And the soul less victims
Homeless conditions
Why fight my brother?
When I can beat the system?
I write 16's in 16 minutes
(Impossible!)
That's what it is
But i know what it isn't
Crazy
The words Garvey spoke
The same slang as Malcolm
Man, it's too many quotes
The Wolf
Lickin' the blade
Thinkin' its kool-aid
Blood thirsty
Turnin' ourselves into slaves
Whats crazy is you in a gang
But won't do a god-damned thang
When the police bang
On the corners
We learn how to hang
With no more nooses
Just mad trees
The same old thang
What's crazy's how they control our brain
With these demonic songs
That that radio play
You a revolutionary?
Yeah, it's all good
But they don't know you in the hood
What's good!?
That's crazy!
And I don't got no time to look it
Crazy!
My straight jacket on crooked
Now that's crazy!

(HOOK)

(G1 VERSE)
Like I lost my marbles
Like all I wanna do is criticize and argue
Like my screws loose
Cuz I say what I want to
Shit say what I got to
Es por eso que canto
Queremos un cambio
En eso andamos
Yo creo caminos
No creo en obstaculos
You say I'm loco and need a doctor
I say, "lets be realistic and do the the impossible"
Check it out
I'm on a higher plane
Some say it sane
I say it okay
Let yo' mind sway
Ride the wave
Better that
Than on land and stuck in one place
They want you sedated
Drugged and medicated
More paper in the pockets of the drug fabricators
All indicators show our society's sick
Diseased by greed; that's the diagnosis

(HOOK)

(You people are Crazy!)[Spoken]
No mic check?

[Verse 1: C-Rayz Walz]
I see dead buffalos, on the plains of the horizon
Electromagnetic energy fields like M. Bison
Through the air flyin, like black crows in a circle
Before the people of the land start dyin
Nature's siren, even the rivers won't act right
The full moon was a flashlight, in my past life
When traveling the winding path at night
Unraveling the blinding blasting site
Chickens come home to roost and find dead buzzards
Layin next to the head of cousins, sisters and brothers
Fathers and mothers, daughters and sons
Only the vultures profit, I could still see the blood run
The slaughter of loved ones, hated for bein different
Elders were slain, strangled with their talismans
Killed the body, the spirit started driftin
Destroyed physically, but the souls were ever livin

[Hook]
Thank you! For takin my land and food
Thank you! For rapin my women, puttin me in a noose
Thank you! For killin my seed
Givin me disease, then blamin me - thank you!

Thank you! For takin my land and food
Thank you! For rapin my women, puttin me in a noose
Thank you! For killin my seed
Givin me disease, and then blamin me - thank you!

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
I took my shahada (one) and gazed in the drama
God against the devils, Shaolin versus Lama
We fought felons, clashed with Magellan
Baby heads were crushed and bust like small melons
Wishin these demons would be baptized or banished
In my dream I woke up in Jamaica speakin Spanish
The night the earth cried when the good ship arrived
Blood on the shores transformed to Crimson Tide
I built with Crazy Horse, made a black sun spack
The smoke shack was beat on by drum back stack
The beetles were baffled, by the state of bondage
Showin love like Pocahontas savin John Smith
Convinced by the truth of the past, since the body splash
Used the Atlantic as a skeleton raft
Unafraid, I went to a cave to meditate
And talk to my celestial mind and elevate

[Hook]
Thank you! For takin my land and food
Thank you! For rapin my women, puttin me in a noose
Thank you! For killin my seed
Givin me disease, then blamin me - thank you!

Thank you! For takin my land and food
Thank you! For rapin my women, puttin me in a noose
Thank you! For killin my seed
Givin me disease, and then blamin me - thank you!

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
The land was raped, scorn, torn and withered
Later on you would praise portraits of these killers (cheese!)
Even made holidays for this unholy act (Happy Thanksgiving)
I'm the voice of the dead! You can't hold me back (no!)
Dead buffalos, similar to us now
In the name of gain on these plains we get bust down
What up, HOW, you think there be reparations?
We been touched down, so make preparations (now)
Under water holdin breath I dodge piranha fish
With fright, wishin to die was tomorrow's wish
I heard the mountain weep, skulls smash against clif with sticks
We clash with the madmen, from the good ship
We did nothing but show love to a stranger
We were repaid with murder, rape and anger
Buffalos died, the lions would hide, the bears cried
Savagely speakin the pain of the tribe
This reality was actually the worst dream
The death of nature, I heard the earth scream
Dead buffalos - empty rivers and streams
Dead buffalos - too many killers and thieves

[Hook]
Thank you! For takin my land and food
Thank you! For rapin my women, puttin me in a noose
Thank you! For killin my seed
Givin me disease, then blamin me - thank you!

Thank you! For takin my land and food
Thank you! For rapin my women, puttin me in a noose
Thank you! For killin my seed
Givin me disease, and then blamin me - thank you!(Intro) 60 Second Assassin
She faced the hardest tiiiiiiime
You can imagine
As many tiiiiiiiime
Her eyyyyyyyyes fall back to tears
Now, now

[Bronze Nazareth]
Yo, yo, yo
The setting is a smoke filled room
With 2 Rottweilers howling at the moon
.38's on the table, less light than doom
Still, her smile white as opposite the groom
Am feeling soo sick coz she makes me feel boom
Steps right into the ashtray from the past day
Holding remains of 2nd hand decay
She stood up slow, like a triumphant rose
At school she studied Darfur, wondered what was worse
Felt bad rocking furs but comfortable near a hearse
What's better? He met her while under lead vendetta
Main suspect he deaded two cops out in Redford
Ran back to the hood, poison lead preferred
Kept the kettle burning for the hot ones that echoed thru
Love at first feel of fast life, stenciled too
One time she was on the scene, he sent her off to school
Hid his guns, his crimes, hid his ones, and his fives
Had her selling dimes, she faced the hardest time
You can imagine, with her thoughts fabric woven
Natural golden suntan, one day inside a smoke web
She met a dread; toward the righteous path they broke bread
Told him love was hot lead dodging, and FEDS watching
Rolling block, cutting rocks, to get opulent
He said only true niggas will advance
I'm becoming a Buddha, but for now I'm still man

(Hook) Samples
Cappadonna - "I make love to you"
Killah Priest - "Not just into screwing you"
Killah Priest - "Can't live without you"
Inspectah Deck - "You hate me or you love me?"
Nas - "I trust myself, I can't fuck myself"
Inspectah Deck - "You hate me or you love me?"
Killah Priest - "Not just into screwing you"
Killah Priest - "Unusual, make love to you like a musical"

[C-Rayz Walz]
From baptized to banished
Her back side was Spanish
Her face was Irish
Her cream so vanished
She was Dorothy on a yellow brick, sunlight road
Good brain, good heart that's what sun gets showed
But have mo fear cuz oh yeah
When sun gets old and one gets told
The story of an ole Dead Flower
Let her get next to him
That's how she got power?
Heavy metal petals hold prophecies of Dead Flower
A wishing wells from hell?
Tears scorched ya face
The thoughts on tape would sound the same
If they were blank
Except where he wrote notes
Hole poked the whole flow
She gobbled and soul smoked
Undivine-men approached
First name Warren, her wound his food
A full moon ritual in a true dead garden tomb
Unholy mattress moaning
She was an actress posing
Flat on her back alas...without atlas holding
Skeleton love, she wiggled like gelatin does
No stooooping!!!
No telling me what what!?!
He's on the run beating
See the bodyrock reaping
Rocked a gold anchor at the dock of his breathing
See! His main bitch the chicken of the cee
Dealt with fear, rich bankers! Masons & freaks
Love hurts
Ironically sex would gut burst
Blood flood from the Earth
An irreversible curse
28 days later; the ship's to shore
He's lunatic, sure!
Quick to makes babies & dick raw
Reveal the history & leave the Earth in ruins
Hurt by what he said
She forgot what he's doing
Mums the word
But after this it's a mummy wrap
That ass is grass cut
She thought he'd want the money back
She say word!!
But never heard sentences
That's why he still smoke quotes where the incense is
And to his seeds - he prolly never mention this
Unless it just for emphasis on where the wisdom went
And the love - the grudge...tears, sweat & the blood
Dead Flower I ain't digging you up
What!?!?

My love is gone
Son still keeping you strong
Keep keeping it on
All my love is gone
Word, son still keeping it strong
Keep keeping it on
All my love is gone
Son still keeping you warm
Keep keeping it strong
All my love is gone
Word, son still keeping it on
Keep keeping it on
All my love is gone
Son still keeping you warm
Keep keeping it strong
All my love is gone
Word, son still keeping it strong
Keep keeping it on
All my love is gone
Son still keeping it on
Keep keeping it strong
All my love is gone
Word, son still keeping you warm
Keep keeping it on
All my love is gone
Son-son overstand, theme of the song
All my love is gone[C-Rayz Walz]
Yo who it is (WHAT) What we live (WHAT)
With a gift (WHAT) What you feel

[4th Pyramid]
It's fantazmic with our pants sagging
Till the casket live with the plants magic
Get your stagger stuck in this damn ballad
Yo this pattern's bugged on some old jazz hit
Orgasmic on a more rap tip
When I spit that means raw dog no prophylactics
Wrap dicks, spit flows of acid
Stack chips play Madden laughing with Ak bitch!

[Akrobatik]
Bitch better have my money when I rap fly
At your venue then the party can continue
The way my music blend through recalls tempt you
Stealth tactics precise without practice
Call me Akrobatik cause my lyrical backflips
Be stunning white boys and lubricating the black chicks
Peace to Mr. Lif we be dropping the fat shit
Niggas blast this 4th P we FANTAZMIC!

[Hook]
Yo who it is when we spit (WHAT)
What we live in your cribs (WHAT)
With a gift that enrich (WHAT)
What you feel for this hit (WHAT)
Summertime type script
Above the mind of the stiff
Fantazmic bliss..
Come to find it exists (BUT)
Yo who it is when we spit (WHAT)
What we live in your cribs (WHAT)
With a gift that enrich (WHAT)
What you feel for this hit (WHAT)
Summertime type script
Above the mind of the stiff
Fantazmic bliss..
Come to find it exists (BUT)

[Akrobatik]
Top shelf that's where you placing my vinyl
Happy on the street date like you was acing a final
Cooling in your dorm room when the song hits
Puffing on strong shit pressing rewind between bong hits
Honeydip shake it till your thong twists
With the psychedelic relic you could sing along with
Ask me what I did when I visited the Bronx kid
Hooked up with P on a track and straight stomped it

[4th P]
Lost in mantras constant contras mommas goners
Gone in orbits calling often shit

[C-Rayz]
The force of conscious nonesense common's clash with karma
Coughing kids who cough from awesome spliffs

[4th P]
Lost in stardom harvest martyrs artists
Starving narcissists hawk them gifts

[C-Rayz]
Pompous rhythms and guarded gauntlets guns and Gods
The given dearly departed artist living in this

[Hook]
Yo who it is when we spit (WHAT)
What we live in your cribs (WHAT)
With a gift that enrich (WHAT)
What you feel for this hit (WHAT)
Summertime type script
Above the mind of the stiff
Fantazmic bliss..
Come to find it exists (BUT)

[4th P]
Variety's the spice of life they say
That's why I say fuck sobriety 'least twice a day
Spiked punch, straight off the cactus
In Nike dunks inhaling some Backwoods
Think about flowers blossoming
In the bosom of the beast
Without Solomon (Samson strength)
Whenever they come hollering

[C-Rayz]
Following Rayz in a blaze shea stay buttery
In a maze of bullet strays haze and Hummer jeeps
Players and summer freaks
Beats so lovely streets so guttery
Is it the clubs that we tear up? or the other emcees
Whose music I can only listen to with earplugs
I'm like that "Yea what" type of fellow that rock an all year cut if my beard's plush
With a propellerhead hat the new black's burgundy Fantazmic bastard bliss rich internally

[Hook]
Who it is when we spit (WHAT)
What we live in your cribs (WHAT)
With a gift that enrich (WHAT)
What you feel for this hit (WHAT)
Summertime type script
Above the mind of the stiff
Fantazmic bliss..
Come to find it exists (BUT)
(WHAT)
(WHAT)
(WHAT)
(WHAT)
Fantazmic bliss..
Come to find it exists (BUT but but but - echo out)[C-Rayz Walz]

The truth is y’all haters had to lie to do it
I am loose like a loop is with a loop chick grindin' to it
Old school like colt 45, lunch lines and pumas
You heard I blaze hoop? I denied the rumors
Your mic don’t sound nice, you shouldn’t even check 1,2
I disrespect who come through, my intellect is kung-fu
In the midst of the women, that miss the man
The new millennium bush baby, with a mystic plan
Digi download, sound scan exam, top ten choice
You wanna speak out? My label keeps getting my invoice
If I sound sarcastic, I meant to do it
Wack emcee’s breath stink, you need a mint

[Hook]

Revenge of the first
Rap, hip-hop, underground, mainstream
Stop lick a shot, pop, hit the charts
Aim for the top, and still get down when we drop
X2

[C-Rayz Walz]

I got different flows for different shows
They don’t know the half, I am different on a ho
I use a knife to cut clad, but if the fights not ending
These old school slugs can get ya life suspended
Your not safe with the ninjas hatred agenda
Fix ya shape up (go head), put your face in a blender
There’s no such thing as friendly contradiction
My competition loses consciousness of composition
While I am on the toilet with an L
My shit is smokin', I got grown folks laughin'
They think the kids jokin'
But I won't dumb it down, to double my dollars
I'd rather piss on your lawn, then leave a puddle in my boxers
Get knocked out before round ones begun
Just for gettin' smart with me, and you sound dumb
Melon head coward motherfuck your honeydew crew that’s lookin'
No need to fight you fool, my cough is woopin'

[Hook]

Revenge of the words
Rap, hip-hop, underground, mainstream
Stop lick a shot, pop, hit the charts
Aim for the top, and still get down when we drop
X2

[El-P]

When I rap you hear spaceships, martians, lasers, targets
I face fuck ya bitch squad, lace anal compartments
Comic books, bibles, bar-codes, orphans
This little tarana go spit livin' distorted
This wanna live in the clearing of sins fortress
Brooklynites babble on, crass, blast portraits
Meanwhile back in the box cutter for tongue talk micro
Cause I am awesome plus dumb bop
Young cop rookie the pj beat nerve rack tension
City of stress depressed words slap brethren
45 dust dirty dumb shit
Analog function punctured run bitch covered
The cloud of defeat complete hovers
Juxie slow burn, slow mo, flow colors
Rookie no run, just son suck something
El product album of raw saw destruction

[Hook]

Revenge of the words
Rap, hip-hop, underground, mainstream
Stop lick a shot, pop, hit the charts
Aim for the top, and still get down when we drop
X2

[C-Rayz Walz]

And this verse is the soundtrack to sickness
I give it to all y’all who think you can't get itC-Rayz.. Walz..
We did it y'all, Ravipops
I'm here, emphatically yes
Definitive Jux, Ravipops

Ladies and gentlemen
We got C-Rayz Walz and a million fans in the house tonight
He just came off tour
Reppin for his 25th single
See "Ravipops - The Substance"
He gon' show you how he get down

[C-Rayz Walz]
Yo, I put the pace down, recognize my fate now
I'm ILL, still freakin skills like H-Town
I disgrace clowns who make frowns
Smile in your face but hate and deliver fake pounds
I'm a animal, in a cannibal sector
With chicks that give you brains like Hannibal Lector
Peep logic - there's nothin you can do to stop this
You have a better chance catchin bullets with chopsticks (WAHH!)
Wait for the avalance - then you'll get down
Spit rounds, my sitcom's a full clip now
Murder shows, practiced and unrehearsed, dead on point
Like a convertible cactus hearse
It's mucus fluid, when I spit exclusive music
I believe in dirt, SO I DO IT STUPID
I move units, like {?} and white rose
My freestyle's ill - I'm DOPE WHEN I WRITE FLOWS

Put the sun in your face, make you walk a tightrope - and pose
I can't just rhyme, I can flow
F-f-flow, flow f-flow, f-f-flow, flow

[C-Rayz Walz]
I do somersaults with Silly Sally in Silicone Alley
Roll red carpets in darkness through Death Valley
And receive love (love) like Larry
I'm flowin black - it's September? Goin back to Cali
To drink booze in the House of Blues
Doin the JAMES, in Elvis Presley shoes
From the belly of BK, where the drama's at
All the way to Saudi Arabia - where the llamas at
Trapped in central bookings - for a chronic sack
Feelin worse; I'm really here, for killin a verse
Homicide comes to ask "Who did it?"
I step to the next +Iron Galaxy+ like astral physics
I'm spiked with no sugar, natural image
Thirst is nothin, burst you for frontin at the scrimmage
Vampires suck, you stuck once bitten
Off the head I'm fed, my freestyle eats my written
I need that dollar like Chris Rock - just kiddin
I'm down to earth like sunlight, and alien visits
In the club with {?}, guzzlin water
Trainin my daughter to be a soldier, I taught her
To put six in your chest - like Julius Earving
Controllin the cypher, you foolishly swervin
I deserve to glow and now you know
AIYYO, I can't just rhyme, I can flow

Flow flow, flow {*repeat 3X*}

Flow...[Ad libs and shouts for first 12 seconds]

[C-Rayz Walz]
C-Rayz, guns and butter!
Go back upstairs, eat your mac cheese and fishsticks
You not 50, you gon' die tryin to "Get Rich"
I spit sick, my lungs' disease is from Asia
My LP's a "Funcrusher" too, my Fantasia's
Roy Jones, knock opponents out and ball too
I'm a MC! (Yo!) What the fuck they call you?!
Pussy, my grammar's truth y'all
You wanna be a player, just to dive for loose balls
Dickhead - come out your face, say somethin slick
My lines get all up in your ass, like your uncle's dick
That chick said you're a small piece of wood
Stuck in her fingertip (huh?) Little prick!
You ain't even on my son's level, he just a little sick
This ain't really nuttin devil, it's just a little bit
Illegitimate trip through my scenic path
If I really spit, the kids would hate english class
Do the math, my science will blow up your lab
Slow up your staff, I laugh at your arts and crafts
You ass, smelly socks and jocks, gym trash
Drag past those who study honies with drab bags
Son you, have your moms yellin HEY THEY +BAGGED-DAD+
Come through, bomb you like schools in Iraq
Dumb dude, in fact you fiction, mouth be spittin
Raps collapse your ear where wax'll stack, listen
Drum tap, young cat, old vision, soul glisten
Gun clap, one track mind, rhyme whole rhythm creatin
Instead of waitin, refrain from thought patterns
Of your dame givin me crazy brains like horseradish

[Hook]
Get those props, follow my light
Spit so hot, last week I had to swallow my ice
We end the year with a token ending, swollen sentence
Off the chain like a stolen pendant
Get those props, follow my light
Spit so hot, last week I had to swallow my ice
In the gutter where suckers'll cut ya, mothers'll hug ya
It all comes down to guns and butter

[C-Rayz Walz]
I already seen a mill'/Amil, but you ain't even heard me yet
She moves well without the +Roc+ like the Jersey Nets
You can't, get in the game, your position is lame
Stay on the bench, enjoy the wood you Marc Twain character
I'm holdin back! So I won't melt the polar caps
So good off the top, my hairline's growin back
I make sense/cents now, I'll make dollars later
Holla hater, catch a scratch from the Cut Creator
These is Reebok lines, they supposed to be pumped
And get your smoke for free, like promotional blunts
Your style standard, my style is simply candid
I don't jerk off no more, I came empty-handed
Honeydip said you spit like you sprayin a clip
And wipe my mouth off with tissue, I be sayin some shit
So you can stack cracks, clap gats or rap
We where the wild things are, and it's a fact I max
Subtract the whack, now divide the stacks
Multiplied by the feel of the real, and I'm back
And my DAT contains the masters, so I maintain disaster
Polly with NASA, master tracks
Anything less than that? I'm bridgin the gap
Like African tribes, I got pussy sewed up, it's a rap
But if it's that deep, dap me, clap me too
I fear none of you characters, like Scrappy Doo
"C'mon, put 'em up!" Make the rumors greater
My name's fate, we gon' meet up, sooner or later
Give you fools +Juelz+, like a Santana verse
And wreck the beat 'til your bandana burst

[Hook]Had to be me
Not a clone or a digibot
Sun cycled weather patterns
Premrock the equinox
It had to be me
Down by ...
A thin line between art and war, the ...
And the crowds that perform on the battlefield
...
But still ready for cheers
Where everyone knows your name
And the only thing that's consistently constant was the change

Play the game off the hinges and frames
Mcloud in the crowd
What now? Only one will remain
Transcending the blame
Cause if there's one in the same
The energy never leaves, it just freezes the frame

...
My sneeze is the flame
And when I'm sick in my way, every beat is amazed
And when I sing to myself, I find my sense in a cell
When I dwell
Living like a beast in a cage

Had to be me
Within the beat, reppin the street, blessin his speech
(Y'all know me)
Had to be me
That was born after thirty-six weeks
(Pleased to meet me)
Had to be me
In the stands with the fans drop the heat
(Y'all know me)
Had to be me
Twenty five eight always on my grind no sleep
(We be reppin this shit since day one)

So on a low, I'm most deep when I raise
The level of the cut (What?)
Cause it's peace bein raised
Unless it's beat bein braised
And I'm chief in the haze
...

I can see why most of yall are callin Khan, I hope the folks are callin on
I got the mind and focus of Travolta in phenomenon
I even up the odds between the commoners and comodans
My teeth are fucked so we don't need a closeup of the monologue
I'm as live as a .., shit I could dive in the lava
Naked is naked but, say that's my kinda sauna
You rhyme like a ..., but got the...
Just cause your on a dick don't mean you got the mind of a rider
See, now my feet are restin on the neck of the skeptics
Testin my ethics to adhere to the acceptable methods
Yeah, I want hugs and kisses
I want somethin vicious
.. question get.. except what they're left with
I'm not a reasonable god
I'll crush the peas in your pod
While they pleadin I'm like "Please, I ain't squeezin that hard!"
If you find a silver lining then you've seen a mirage
Cause what goes around tokes you out and leaves you to rot

Had to be me
Within the beat, reppin the street, blessin his speech
(Y'all know me)
Had to be me
That was born after thirty-six weeks
(Pleased to meet me)
Had to be me
In the stands with the fans drop the heat
(Y'all know me)
Had to be me
Twenty five eight always on my grind no sleep
(We be reppin this shit since day one)

Had to be prem, that crem de la crem
That's bent off that crem demend and Jim blended whisky bender again
Prone to offend these gender bendin women and men
Tryin to contend their prepubescent phlegm
Can't react oppression never developed the gems
My pen is unrelentin fight attempts to do a dental expense
My shine with make the eye on the pyramid blink
Vaginas flow the same I think your period sink
That hand in the ink, I'm doctorin the flows
Why you posturing? It shows your not a flow nobody cares what you think
My spit game is razor blade, tailor made for 808s
I double the appraisal of a label once they say my name
The trouble I will save you
Just rearrange the names son stage
Cause we don't rap the same, go get a facial son is acting vain
Pre-packaged plastic wrappin actors not attractin fame
Screamin at your dame tryin to rearrange her mattress sprains
PremRock will acclimate accelerate and activate
Grabbin dollars off the backboard then hand him back his change
Saying ... and my reaction "Eh, that's a shame"
Reality distorted you hallucinatin accolades
..., son we don't need that
These bad .. thug talkin suited ...
...
Elbow the free-throw
...
Stand around like pizza dough
Different town, freak the show
Already off runnin once I hit it like I'm...
Had to be that blown speaker, preacher keep the even flow
I'm approaching every stage like 'Listen, yall don't even know"[Hook]:
Don't wanna wind it up hey hey (hey hey)
Don't wanna shake it up, shook it up, hey hey (hey hey)

[C-Rayz Walz]
When I'm in the club I come here to party
Up rock the body, drink so Bacardi
When the tough ones is up jump, I spot 'em
"Like they want problems, you want 'em you got 'em" - Method Man 'Sub Crazy'

[Verse One] [C-Rayz Walz]:
I'm tryin' to shake it up
Y'all wanna get me stirred
It's all good girl, Lucifer
I'm not the value
You wanna secretly want me?
I can tell by your underarm
(Keepin' it funky)
Juvenile delinquents
You'll know where they drink when
See the god blingin', now they wanna bring it
I'm leavin' on the next plane
After greens, I'll be back again
When I'm in the club I come here to party
Up rock the body, drink so Bacardi
When the tough ones is up jump, I spot 'em
"Like they want problems, you want 'em you got 'em"

[Hook]:
Don't wanna wind it up hey hey (hey hey)
Don't wanna shake it up, shook it up, hey hey (hey hey)

[Verse Two] [C-Rayz Walz]:
Made for woman, strong enough for a man
I don't wanna slam dance with him, that ain't the plan
Messin' with the nerd you'll be tongue kissin' the curb
American History X, word
I'm a P.T.P.er
Dick Vitale
Vidal Saloon
Lead out, blast rooms
In the back, cats like "Where's your bear hat?"
Red Stripe to the dome
Beer cap
Savage cats get their wigs pushed to the cabbage patch
Thinkin' I'm Cringer, I'm really Battle Cat
16 bars
32 drinks
After ?
You might need a shrink
N.W.A., Mobb Deep and Contra
Gandhi
What you want beef with a monster?
I'm here for mimosa sponsors
"Like they want problems, you want 'em you got 'em"

When I'm in the club I come here to party
Up rock the body, drink so Bacardi
When the tough ones up jump, I spot 'em
"If you want problems, you want 'em you got 'em"
When I'm in the club I come to get high
Up from the jungle, make like a good guy
When the tough ones up jump I spot 'em
"Like they want problems, you want 'em you got 'em"

[Hook]:
Don't wanna wind it up hey hey (hey hey)
Don't wanna shake it up, shook it up, hey hey (hey hey)