[Produced by Donnie Trumpet and the Social Experiment]

[Verse 1: Chance the Rapper]
She could say in her voice, in her way that she love me
With her eyes, with her smile, with her belt, with her hands, with her money
I am the thesis of her prayers
Her nieces and her nephews are just pieces of the layers
Only ones she love as much as me is Jesus Christ and Taylor
I got a future so I'm singing for my grandma
You singing too, but your grandma ain't my grandma
Mine's is hand made, pan fried, sun dried
Southside, and beat the devil by a landslide
Praying with her hands tied, president of my fan club, saying to her
Something told me I should bring my butt to church

[Hook: Jamila Woods]
You gotta move it slowly
Take and eat my body like it's holy
I've been waiting for you for the whole week
I've been praying for you, you're my Sunday candy
You gotta move it slowly
Take and eat my body like it's holy
I've been waiting for you for the whole week
I've been praying for you, you're my Sunday candy

[Bridge: Jamila Woods]
Come on in this house, cause it's gonna rain
Rain down Zion, it's gonna rain
You better come on in this house, cause it's gonna rain
Rain down Zion, it's gonna rain

[Verse 2: Chance the Rapper]
I come to church for the candy, your peppermints is the truth
I'm pessimistic on Monday if I had tweaked and missed you
You look so good with that hat on, had to match with the shoes
Came and dressed in the satin, I came and sat in your pew
I come to Christmas for dinner, fifty rolls on my plate
Hella holes in my stocking holding your pockets in place
I like my love with a budget,  I like my hugs with a scent
You smell like light, gas, water, electricity, rent
You sound like why the gospel choir got so tired
Singin his praises daily basis so I gotta try it
You're my dreamcatcher, dream team, team captain
Matter fact, I ain't seen you in a minute let me take my butt to church

[Bridge: Jamila Woods]
Come on in this house, cause it's gonna rain
Rain down Zion, it's gonna rain
You better come on in this house, cause it's gonna rain
Rain down Zion, it's gonna rain

[Hook: Jamila Woods]
You gotta move it slowly
Take and eat my body like it's holy
I've been waiting for you for the whole week
I've been praying for you, you're my Sunday candy
You gotta move it slowly
Take and eat my body like it's holy
I've been waiting for you for the whole week
I've been praying for you, you're my Sunday candy
You gotta move it slowly
Take and eat my body like it's holy
I've been waiting for you for the whole week
I've been praying for you, you're my Sunday candy

[Bridge: Jamila Woods and Others]
Come on in this house, cause it's gonna rain
Rain down Zion, it's gonna rain
You better come on in this house, cause it's gonna rain
Rain down Zion, it's gonna rain[Hook: NoName Gypsy]
Who are you to tell me
I'm not warm enough for summertime?
I know that I can decide myself
But you don't know me like the sun you've never seen my horizon

[Verse 1: NoName Gypsy]
If I was everything I never was
Drugs got me bubbly suddenly mumbling simile meant to be for you now
The futile go fishing for moon over roof top
A new style for praying to everything I ever loved
My black boy outer space looking like a rain child
But but my body move like the sun
Go run til 'em rainbow we painted it 50 shades of grey
Stones across the lake
The house in the house
Deceptive carnations, our wedding we announced on Sunday for the holy of it
Solely covet me and you, for you and I
Are blissfully tethered to simple redeeming
When sadness gets worse and we don't know why
Our city is bleeding for crimson
I don't protest
I just dance in my shadows
Hallow be thy empty
When my name don't sing, shallow waters
Under bridges don't forget 'bout me
Who are you to love me and not call me by my name?
I'm sunny, I'm sunny, just like you... Noname

[Verse 2: Chance the Rapper]
Like the sun, like the sun
Who are you to tell me I can't love you
Like the way mothers love daughters?
The way Mary was closest to Joseph
And babies is close to The Father
You don't know me and love got a secret hand shake
And mad inside jokes
I could tell it’s knock knock when my heart beatbox
Use our inside voice
Who are you to tell me I don’t want you
The way flesh wants freedom
The way greed love need, the way kings need kingdoms
You don’t know what I know, what I’m capable of
What I slaved for and traded in favours
And gave up for you what I gave up for love

[Hook]

[Verse 3: J. Cole]
You like the flower that I won’t let die
Right before your petals start to wilt
I choose to give you one last try
Fill your vase up with water, refusin’ to neglect you
Like your father, so I promise that it won’t run dry
Good intentions cause I wanna see us both fly
But I often put me first and I been wonderin’ why
I know you probably think you’re blessed to have a wonderful guy
And that’s the truth but at the same time a wonderful lie
Cause to me you’re a dime and I’m still a nickel
And you know niggas say that every coin got two sides
Well if you knew both minds not sure you’d like what you find
I made mistakes, I want to tell you but can’t make up my mind
As I’m writing this I see a red balloon in the sky
And to me that’s a sign tellin’ me that these lines
Were meant to be written, repentin’ in the form of a rhyme
I know the Lord’s a forgiver, hope he’ll forgive me in time

[Hook][Intro: Jeremih & Chance The Rapper]
I don't wanna be you, I just wanna be me
I don't wanna be cool, I just wanna be me
You don't wanna be cool, you just wanna be me
I don't wanna be cool, I don't wanna be cool, I don't wanna be cool
I don't wanna be cool, I don't like being cool
I ain't trying to be cool, what's it like being cool?
I just can't stay cool, I don't wanna be cool
I don't want you to be me, you should just be you
You just wanna be me!
You just wanna be me!

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Okay, I grew up without a chauffeur
Man, I'm talking straight out the dirt and sulfur
Only birds in my city is vultures
I mean back before I could afford a faux fur
I was off in that debt, me and my mama
Hand-me-downs was the only time I got designer man
Only class I'm passing is English and Math
I don't know, maybe because they both got commas
Maybe because my older bro was on the honor roll
And the other one was always up in front of the honor
So I'm in the middle like the line in the divide signs
Spending all my money on girls and Sean John
Way before anybody called me Sean Don
I was dropping fifties man to look like 50
Rocking pink Polo's, shit ain't even fit me
Looking for the inspiration that's already in me
All the confidence I was trying to buy myself
If you don't like me, fuck it, I'll be by myself
Spend all this time for you to say I'm fine
I really should have spent it trying to find myself

[Bridge: Jeremih & Chance The Rapper]
It's cool with just me
I'm cool being me
I don't wanna be cool
I ain't trying to be cool
I just can't stay cool
Whats it like being cool?
I don't wanna be cool
I don't wanna be cool
I don't want you to be me
You just should be you

[Verse 2: Kyle]
Is being cool that cool? (Really?)
Is being a tool that big of a tool? (Is it?)
It doesn't matter if a nigga is wearing Supreme
If a cool guy shits his shit's still gonna stink
If a cool guy's cool in the middle of the forest
Man nobody fucking cares
So why don't you just be the you that you know you are
You know, when nobody else is there?
You'll be aware, it's easy, and it's so important
Being cool shouldn't cost a fortune
Baby got her jeans from Goodwill
But I bet that ass look good still
Okay let's remember that shopping at Payless
It just means that you pay less, it don't make you bae-less
If you don't get re-tweets, it don't mean you say less, okay?
So I'mma post this shitty-ass selfie on IG
And I don't care if anybody likes it or likes me, it's cool

[Outro]
I don't wanna be cool
I ain't trying to be cool
I just can't stay cool
Whats it like being cool?
I don't wanna be cool
I don't wanna be cool
I don't want you to be me
You just should be you[Produced by Mark Ronson]

[Hook: Action Bronson]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a bitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl I'm blue

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Because you treat me like shit
I paid for the bed and never even slept in it
I paid for that crib I never stepped foot in
And now somebody else is eating all the pudding
Things change, now my dashboard wooden
All black Benz, like a young Doc Gooden
Dark shades, cause I'm stone crazy
Girl, we grown, stop playing on my phone, baby
All your childish attempts to make me angry fall short
Which only fuels the rage you have, because you have nothing
Understandable, I'm shining brilliant with five Brazilians
There were times I used to hide my feelings
Now I'm butt naked in the Lamborghini
And motherfuckers can't see me
Wait 'til this chick see me on TV, I make the shit look easy
Who would've thought I hit you right back?

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]
So many women wanna call me baby
And you wonder why the fuck that I ain't call you lately
Some would say that I'm the symbol for sex and uh
Others would hate, but I don't give 'em no breath
Go on a date, I'm at the crib with the chef and uh, that's me
And you could order whatever
The specialty is white snake and underwear sauce
You could probably catch me somewhere where the sun is next
And I understand that's only cause I'm popular
I'm getting topped off in the front row of the opera
As Bocelli sings the celly rings
I gotta go, you'll never know how good it feels to lay in bed with king
I'm not exactly flawless, but I'm gorgeous, just like a horse is
I know the thought of me succeeding makes a lot of people nauseous
Still I'm on the back of the boat taking pictures with the swordfish

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Chance The Rapper]
I hope you get a paper cut on your tongue
From a razor in a paper cup
I hope every soda you drink already shaken up
I hope your dreams dry like raisins in the baking sun
I hope your titties all saggy in your early 20's
I hope there's always snow in your driveway
I hope you never get off Fridays
And you work at a Friday's that's always busy on Fridays
I hope you win the lottery and lose your ticket
I hope it's Ben and Socrates poop all up in your kitchen
I hope the zipper on your jacket get stuck
And your headphones short, and your charger don't work
And you spill shit on your shirt
I hope your tears don't hurt, and I can smile in your face
Cut my losses, how Delilah changed my locks to a fade
I hope you happy, I hope you happy
I hope you ruined this shit for a reason, I hope you happy, igh!

[Hook]

[Outro: Chance The Rapper]
La la la la[Hook: Chance The Rapper]
Cardboard cutout, sharp teeth smart mouth
Smile big small waist, big hips cut paste
Forgive me but you look familiar
Prom queen mean chick, teen mom bad bitch
Real bad advice can't fool me twice
(Forgive me but you look familiar)
You're regular

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
She the latest model but these hoes retros
One in a million but these bitches special
It's two shoes in a pair two peas in a pod
Three P's in appropriate, groupies in a mob
Usually I like them to look just like you
But you just so usual you just look used
I just need something out of the norm
Foreign just don't seem foreign no more
Just give me the porn it's like four in the morn'
Trying to raise the bar with porn in the torrent
Got a lot of wifeys more than a Mormon
CNC’s, I ain’t even in performing
But we met in a life where we were both cats
Our owners were neighbors how funny is that
What's funnier is your's had eight different cats
Same shade of black and I'm blind as a bat

[Hook]

[Verse 2: King Louie]
These bitches regular and they smoke regular
If these bitches bad then bad bitches regular
County bound ass bitches acting like the federals
If this bitch from Paris then Paris is terrible
I don't want to go there no more
Even though I've been there before
And even then they was regular
Aye Ye where Kim at?
Kris Jenner, that's a kidnap
Stacey Dash where you been at?
Cause these bitches clueless here
Mama say you're special then your mama ain't the truest
With her lying ass, with her fine ass
With that giant ass, she regular too

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Quavo]
Long hair don't care girl you look familiar
And her mama doesn't like me cause I'm a rapper so icy
Where she come from, damn I don't know
But I think I seen her in Chance and Migos' video
Her body look like a Coke bottle
But I'mma let her do the swallow
Heard she chasing after my dollar
Hit the bucket from the back make her holler
If she get your number know that she gon' call ya
She don't fuck with nothing but ballers
I got to stop her, call me Quavo Captain America
I'm not saving her no I'm not cuffing her, nah!

[Outro]
Forgive me but you look familiar
Forgive me but you look familiar[Prod. by Cam & Peter Cottontale]

Making of the Beat w/ Cam

[Hook 1: Chance the Rapper] (x2)
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
I miss my cocoa butter kisses

[Verse 1: Chance The Rapper]
Okie dokie, alky, keep it lowkey like Thor lil bro
Or he'll go blow the loudy, saudy of sour Saudi
Wiley up off peyote, wilding like that coyote
If I sip any Henny, my belly just might be outie
Pull up inside a huggy, Starsky & Hutch a dougie
I just opened up the pack in an hour I'll ash my lucky
Tonight she just yelling, "fuck me," two weeks she'll be yelling fuck me
Used to like orange cassette tapes with Timmy, Tommy, and Chuckie
And Chuck E. Cheese's pizzas, Jesus pieces, sing Jesus love me
Put Visine inside my eyes so my grandma would fucking hug me
Oh generation above me, I know you still remember me
My afro look just like daddy's, y'all taught me how to go hunting (BLAM!)

[Hook 1](2x)

[Verse 2: Vic Mensa]
(Innanet)
I will smoke a little something but I don't inhale
Everywhere that I go, everywhere they be asking hows it going
Say the goings well, go figure, Victor's light skinned
Jesus got me feeling like Colin Powell, all praise to the God
God knows he's a pro, he's a pro like COINTEL
Check, check mate, check me take me to the bedroom, like she know me well
I mean normally, you see Norma Jean wouldn't kick it with Farmer Phil
But these kids these days, they get so high, burn trees, smoke chlorophyll
'Til they can't feel shit, shit-faced, faced it, 15 hits on this L
Elevated, train, and the craziest thing
Got me feeling like Lauryn Hill, miseducated, my dick delegated
Rap Bill Bellamy, they said I shoulda never made it
Probably shoulda been dead or in jail
Deadbeat dad, enough of that jazz
Asshole, absynthe up in that glass
Are we there yet? Ice cubes in a bong
Rip, brain dead, take a tug and then pass

[Bridge]
I think we all addicted
Yeah, I think we all addicted
Really though, I think we all addicted
I think we all addicted

[Hook 2: Vic Mensa]
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my momma think I stank
I got burn holes in my memories, my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses
I think we all addicted

[Hook 1]

[Verse 3: Twista]
I could make a flow, pitter patter with a patter pitter - juicy
Used to be in a jalabiya and a kufi
Trying hard not to be addicted to a groupie
I ended up on an album cover in a Coogi
You see, I be still a God but a goofy
You be flowing about drugs and a Uzi
That's the new principle, sometimes I'mma be about some hoes
Sometimes I'mma wanna make a movie
And when it come to rapping fast, I'm the Higgs Boson
And though my style freakish
I could still break your body down to five pieces like I did Voltron
Cause I'm addicted to the craft and I be off a OG
Know me, I'm the Obi-Wan Kenobi of the dope see
Never scared of mean spirits, methamphetamine lyrics
Cooler like I'm offa codeine, low key
Don't be so judgmental, even though I'm reminiscing
If I don't know what I miss is
I'ma end up figuring out that it's home
And my mother and my grandmother cocoa butter kisses
This is just a testament to the ones that raised me
The ones that I praise and I'm thanking
I need em but the chronic all up in my clothes
And I wanna get a hug, and I can't cause I'm stanking
Never too old for a spanking, igh

[Hook 2]

[Hook 1 X2][Intro: Busta Rhymes]
Heyyo Mr. Chance The Rapper, I greatly appreciate the way you roll out the red carpet, allowing me to articulate myself, and now I stand on my own two below me. Yeah!

[Hook: The Social Experiment & Maceo of The O'My’s]
I don't wanna slip, slip, slip, slide!
I'mma stand up on my own two
Stand up on my own two
I don't wanna slip, slip, slip, slide!
I'mma stand up on my own two
Stand up on my own two

[Verse 1: Busta Rhymes]
I’m a man understanding the plan and I'm on
To be greater than anything make you a fan in this song
How I stand out and wonderin’ what planet I’m gone
The one and only God of kings come from
A hundred grand on, a child I always ran from the wrong
Standing on his own two but wanna stand with the strong
Please get to turning on the fan cause it’s warm
While I build just a little 'bout the man I was born to be
This whole planet belongs to me
We all feel the same so it belongs to we
We talkin’ all night but this is my birth right
Please can you get to bringin’ the crown to me?
Yea I know you all for it
You’ll only be deemed worthy if you stand tall for it
When you and your men were sitting, yeah, I know you all saw it!
This great ship we got goin’ on
Don’t slip

[Hook] x2

[Verse 2: B.o.B]
I was born on my own two feet watching Bruce Lee
‘Fore I grew teeth I had a pen and some loose leaf
Pots and pans when the roof leak
‘Fore I ever smoked mids ‘fore I ever blew trees
Used to drive a hoopdie that broke down on me usually
Nas was lookin’ at me, pockets was lookin’ through me
Never planned on college I dropped out as a student
My GPA started with a decimal like Dewy
That’s lower than low, that’s lower than most
But if you thought I wouldn’t make it, you slower than slow
I make the type of music that stoners should know
If I plant one of my thoughts marijuana would grow
And I be high enough to go where I wanted to go (Reefer)
Might be covered in glitter but all of it’s gold
A nigga got that loud and it's all for the low
And everybody sayin’ “aww, let’s go”

[Hook]

[Outro: Chance The Rapper]
It ain’t so easy
It’s not too hard
It ain’t so easy
But it’s not so hard
To stand up
Stand up
But it’s just too easy
To sit back downProducer GeniusMixtape Cover


Cover Art - "Windows"


Cover Art - "Family"


Cover Art - "Hey Ma"[Produced by DJ SuchNSuch]

[Intro]
Yep
Igh! igh!
Igh!

[Verse]
I got suspended, ohhhhh you got suspended
For chiefin' a hunnid blunts, 14,400 minutes
Fans all in the stands, they hands for Mr. Bennett
That racket over the net, ohhhhh give me my tennis
Shoes, give me a minute, ohhhhh I can't be tardy
My class is already started, they told my mom I'm retarded
But that 10Day done in one night, Honda from a Hyundai
No tassel in the spring, but after summer I'm alumni
They took my nigga one night, and I was standing right there
An inch away from Heaven, a million songs from right here
A step away from South by, a swing away from Cali
A hook away from verses, I'm a dad away from rapping
So at the school they arrested him
Back seat, squad car, nestled in
Shouts to the bitch nigga Heselton
Wit' his Big Show body ass wrestlin'
Finna see the 10Day Pestilence, so far, so good, so special and
No stars, good jobs, or excellents
And I'm still so fucking non-echelon
Ohhhhh you got suspended, ohhhhh you not gon' finish
Ohhhhh you look familiar, ohhhhh you look like Kenneth
Damn they gon' resent it, ohhhhh you representin'
A class of bad kids, 14,400 minutes ahhhhh!

Igh! Igh! Igh! Igh! Igh! Igh! Igh! Igh![Soundtrack for Chance]

Yeah, we listen to hip-hop at Rock Genius too my people! Especially when it hits this hard. Gotta admit, Rap Genius is the sole reason i was exposed to both of these game-changing artists. I remember the first time i heard Chance's "Favorite Song (w/ Childish Gambino)" and how hyped it got me. I remember the first time i heard the bass drop on Vic's "Yap Yap" and how i bounce like a crazy asshole every time i hear it play. But what stokes this old school hip-hopper the most about these records, is that it's a glimpse into the future of hip-hop. With these two talented (and independent) MC's from Chicago's Savemoney crew leading the charge
Chance the Rapper


Let's start with Chance. The beauty of Acid Rap is that there's so many different tracks that have imminent appeal to different sets of ears that all it takes is to connect with one of them before being sucked in to the entire composition. Chance put the mixtape up on his website as a free download, in true independent artist fashion and has been touring the country (and world) with reckless abandon ever since. What sets him apart is the emotional nature of his songs. He's silly at times, zany on others, but in the end his ability to dig deep inside and FEEL and convey his (and your) emotions is sublime
So dance for daddy like Gator
Ain't no partners on this trip
And lose yourself in my room
And find yourself in my gripHe has a slew of these heartening moments, and he's more than just a lover on the record. He breaks through the chaos of social injustice in inner city Chicago to call attention to black/white issues on "Paranoia":
They murking kids, they murder kids here
Why you think they don't talk about it? They deserted us here
Where the fuck is Matt Lauer at? Somebody get Katie Couric in here
Probably scared of all the refugees, look like we had a fucking hurricane here
They be shooting whether it's dark or not, I mean the days is pretty dark a lot
Down here it's easier to find a gun than it is to find a fucking parking spot
The point here is that Chance is a socially conscious dude and he knows how to hit home with what's on his mind. But he's also balanced and knows how to bring our spirits back up. Make no mistake about it, at it's core, Acid Rap, is a lot about drugs. Namely how these experiences have shaped his style and his mind in many ways. And Chance the jokester rears his head on "Smoke Again":
Flip the candy yum
That's the fucking bombest
Lean all on the square
That's a fuckin' rhombus
Again on "Juice" when he spouts the line that everyone likes to go around mimicking: "I got the Juice! (Juice, Juice, Juice, Juice)". There's a sticky quality to his flow. You wanna go around repeating 'em. You wanna chuckle when you think about missing "Cocoa Butter Kisses." And this is the sign of a dude who's in control...One who's leading a Chicago crew making A LOT of noise. But before i bring it all back home, there's another dude who's also the focus of this post
Vic Mensa


Man...it's kinda crazy to think that both of these dudes who put out the hottest independent hip-hop shit of the year are from the same city and the same crew. While there's a ton of similarities: Indie status, some common producers, collabos and the Black Lipped bastard himself, it's the difference in their styles that make them a unified force

Where Chance can appeal to our soft spots, on Innanetape, Vic comes to getcha from the start. "Orange Soda" opens up with a fiery hook and you know that dude means business:
To get you what you need
Make you love it, make you want it
Cause baby you are so amazingThis is shit that transcends our conventional notion of hip-hop. There's an aura that Vic projects that he manages to reign in with the producers he works with. He's so comfortable in the beat and he plays with well others, despite always stealing the show. Just listen to him and English singer Eliza Doolittle bouncing back and forth on "YNSP." Droppin bombs like:
Ain't shit change but everythang
Wonder how I stay afloat
When the pressure on my name could probably make a levee sinkI laugh at how fluent his flow is. This is some top dog shit right here. Like on the church choir inspired beat produced by the venerable Hit Boy on INNANETAPE's closing track, we see Vic's intensity. The same intensity he flashes on the hook for "Time is Money":
Make money, but the money you make don't make you
Make money, but the money you make don't make you
Make money, but the money you make don't make youThat's some real shit right there. Being an underground dude, this appeases a lot my "direction of hip-hop" qualms for sure. He keeps his head about him and I just wanna hear more of it. Dude is collaborationg across the board and is even tabbed to tour with Disclosure in 2014. Swoon

Two Heads Are Better Than One

I'll admit it...originally, the idea for this post was to just be about Chance. I've spent a lot more time with Acid Rap this year (largely because it came out first). But the point I wanna drive home here is that together Chance and Vic are unstoppable. A homie texted me last night said Vic came out on stage during Chance's hometown show and they killed it. There's so much energy coming from Chicago right now on the strength of these two cats. It's fucking beautiful. It's what i want out of hip-hop today. It's Chance & Vic recognizing that versatility is the future

Mark my words, when hip-hop starts consistently crossing over into collaborations with electronica and rock artists, it's gonna change the game. Chance the Rapper & Vic Mensa are traditional MC's at their core, but they "get" the potential for this future of hip-hop and when I look into a crystal ball, I see them
___________________________________________________________________________________________

To listen to any of the albums on our countdown, check out our spotify playlist here

Peep the archives of all of the albums reviewed up to this point

#13 is droppin' tomorrow![Hook]
Ice, melting in my chain
Pretty as my hair
Ugly as my name
Dirty as my gold
Comfy as my chair
Ugly is my name
Ugly is my name

[Verse]
No weapon formed against me shall prosper
My sword look just like Michael's
He lent it to me, this a house of God
I'm just leasing, he rent it to me
This sentence he penned it too
That's a Gmail, he sent it to me
I can send you his contact, hit him if you in combat
Hit him if you in traffic, even if there ain't no static
That's my G, he got me shinin'
My hair, he made it tangled
My seed, don't need no lining
A halo fits on an angel
And if the shoe fits, I'll tie his and let the kiddie rap
Finally give the city back, and ask God for a piggy-back
Up on his shoulders I notice, I'm within earshot
I yell, "Thanks for makin' us in your image
You got a good sense of hubris"[Produced by Flying Lotus]

[Verse 1]
I'm off the nog, I'm off the Loko
I'm off that local, I'm on that global
I often had dreams of being locked in my mamas Volvo
Watching the garage burn down, I'm off the codo
I'm off the top, I'm off some pot
I'm off Ciroc, I'm off a lot
They gave me 10 Days off
That's an awful lot
I was off campus, but the officer
Told the office, that he saw me from the parking lot
But it's all good, I'm off that
I'm just finna off his ass, off of the Ave
While rocking all black
Dip off and hide the garbage bags in the dip spot
Just to make sure that I don't get caught
Buying hella bug spray, making sure I get off
They told me go on and rock it, I told them that it's lift off
How all my homies get caught, picked off by a dick cop
Why you allowing hiccups, why you just didn't slip off?
And now I'm at the precinct, and I'm off of my square
Having a white cop beat me while he offers me squares
You gon' torture me yeah? Well that's awfully fair
All for nothing, tryna tweak me like you offering years
Bitch I ain't scared, I'm already here
Tell ya partners and ya friends, the next coffin is theirs
Guess what bitch, I'm from internal affairs
Looking for crooked cops, to tweak so I can offer 'em years
Have me tweaking, like I'm all full of fear.... alright, I'm tweaking[Produced by Jake One]

[Intro]
Chance's "NaNa" ad-lib

[Verse 1]
Kicked off my shoes, tripped acid in the rain
Wore my jacket as a cape, and my umbrella as a cane
The richest man rocks the snatch-less necklace
Spineless bitches in backless dresses
Wore my feelings on my sleeveless
My weed seedless, my trees leafless
I miss my diagonal grilled cheeses
And back when Mike Jackson was still Jesus
Before I believed in not believing in
Yeah, I inhaled, who believed in me not breathing in
Cigarette stained smile all covered in sin
My big homie died young; just turned older than him
I seen it happen, I seen it happen, I see it always
He still be screaming, I see his demons in empty hallways
I trip to make the fall shorter
Fall quarter was just a tall order
And I'm hungry, I'm just not that thirsty
As of late, all my verses seem not so verse-y
And all my words just mean controversy
Took the team up off my back, like "That's not your jersey?"
Stressin', pullin' my hair out, hoping I don't get picked
All this medicine in me hoping I don't get sick
Making all of this money hoping I don't get rich
Cause niggas still getting bodied for foams

[Verse 2]
Sometimes the truth don't rhyme
Sometime the lies get millions of views
Funerals for little girls, is that appealing to you?
From your cubicle desktop, what a beautiful view
I think love is beautiful, too
Building forts from broken dams, what a hoover could do
For future hoopers dead from Rugers shooting through the empty alley
Could've threw him an alley-oop, helping him do good in school
Damn that acid burn when it clean ya
I still miss being a senior
And performing at all those open mic events
Eyes closed, eyes closed seeing arenas
And I still get jealous of Vic
And Vic's still jealous of me
But if you touch my brother
All that anti-violence shit goes out the window along with you
And the rest of your team
Smoking cigarettes to look cooler
I only stop by to look through ya
And I'm only getting greedier
And I'm still Mr. Youmedia
And I still can't find Talent
And I'm still choosing classmates that wouldn't fuck
Mom still thinks I should go back to school
And Justin still thinks I'm good enough
And Mama Jan still don't take her meds
And I still be asking God to show his face
And I still be asking God to show his face

[Outro]
I am a new man, I am sanctified
Oh I am holy, I have been baptized
I have been born again, I am the White Light
Rain...rain don't go awayProducer Genius Breakdowns1. Good Ass Intro (feat. BJ The Chicago Kid)
2. Pusha Man/Paranoia (feat. Lily K & Nate Fox)
3. Cocoa Butter Kisses (feat. Vic Mensa & Twista)
4. JUICE
5. Lost (feat. Noname Gypsy)
6. Everybody’s Something (feat. BJ The Chicago Kid & Saba)
7. Interlude (That’s Love)
8. Favorite Song (feat. Childish Gambino)
9. NaNa (feat. Action Bronson)
10. Smoke Again (feat. Ab-Soul)
11. Acid Rain
12. Chain Smoker
13. Everything’s Good (Good Ass Outro)[Verse 1: Sulaiman]
What don't kill me only make me stronger
Struggling and striving, got simultaneous timing
They saying, they're saying that life's a bitch, but I'm trying to break the hymen
High as heaven, but reverend, why ain't heaven high as I am?
Saving this elevation, but I ain't into the climbing
I levitate with the [?], [?] persona
Feeling like marijuana, take half the breath that I conjur and wisdom the other product
Still if something about it, then let me know that I got it
The flow of a life aquatic so...

[Hook: Lili K.]
Excuse me Mister So-and-so, get up out my way
I have dreams to make reality, I have no time to play
The cost of living is so high, I now take off my gloves
Cause there's talent in my fingertips, so won't you show some love?

[Bridge: Sulaiman]
Excuse me everybody, but I hope you're not offended
I'm just trying to make some money off this musical ambition
Plus I need some paper, because of how high the rent is
So move to this music that I know you all are feeling
X2

[Verse 2: Lili K.]
Playgrounds filled with gifted minds, our dreams go down the slides
Pushed off the swing by Mister Man, fitted in suit and tie
Corporate boss, creative loss, music down the drain
These 9 to 5's are killing me, why do you put them in my way?
The high cost of life costs more than just that cash
You gave me a life sentence I'm struggling to outlast
With bus fare and health care, what am I to do?
In this battle of reality afraid to make my dreams come true

[Hook]

[Bridge]

[Verse 3: Chance The Rapper]
Don't give in, nah, don't give up
Don't get involved, just give us all
Lil' rythym rock, a lil' pistol talk
Trap rap make shit to fall in love with
My pockets thin, my socks I rock for 9 maybe 10 days straight
Amazing gracing y'all, [?] my shoes
[?] look to big on Paul Bunyon's feet
Jump jump, lil' fam lil' mayor
You're putting hot lunch in my hand god damn
I never thought you'd sing all them words I was saying
Used to couldn't read my handwriting from a pen
Used to get tú, getting used to usted
Used to boost Boost Mobile phones with my friends
Now I'm so boost I could boost up your ends
Just back your caboose and put your boots in the air
IGH![Produced by Mark Ronson]

[Hook: Action Bronson]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a bitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl I'm blue

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Because you treat me like shit
I paid for the bed and never even slept in it
I paid for that crib I never stepped foot in
And now somebody else is eating all the pudding
Things change, now my dashboard wooden
All black Benz, like a young Doc Gooden
Dark shades, cause I'm stone crazy
Girl, we grown, stop playing on my phone, baby
All your childish attempts to make me angry fall short
Which only fuels the rage you have, because you have nothing
Understandable, I'm shining brilliant with five Brazilians
There were times I used to hide my feelings
Now I'm butt naked in the Lamborghini
And motherfuckers can't see me
Wait 'til this chick see me on TV, I make the shit look easy
Who would've thought I hit you right back?

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]
So many women wanna call me baby
And you wonder why the fuck that I ain't call you lately
Some would say that I'm the symbol for sex and uh
Others would hate, but I don't give 'em no breath
Go on a date, I'm at the crib with the chef and uh, that's me
And you could order whatever
The specialty is white snake and underwear sauce
You could probably catch me somewhere where the sun is next
And I understand that's only cause I'm popular
I'm getting topped off in the front row of the opera
As Bocelli sings the celly rings
I gotta go, you'll never know how good it feels to lay in bed with king
I'm not exactly flawless, but I'm gorgeous, just like a horse is
I know the thought of me succeeding makes a lot of people nauseous
Still I'm on the back of the boat taking pictures with the swordfish

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Chance The Rapper]
I hope you get a paper cut on your tongue
From a razor in a paper cup
I hope every soda you drink already shaken up
I hope your dreams dry like raisins in the baking sun
I hope your titties all saggy in your early 20's
I hope there's always snow in your driveway
I hope you never get off Fridays
And you work at a Friday's that's always busy on Fridays
I hope you win the lottery and lose your ticket
I hope it's Ben and Socrates poop all up in your kitchen
I hope the zipper on your jacket get stuck
And your headphones short, and your charger don't work
And you spill shit on your shirt
I hope your tears don't hurt, and I can smile in your face
Cut my losses, how Delilah changed my locks to a fade
I hope you happy, I hope you happy
I hope you ruined this shit for a reason, I hope you happy, igh!

[Hook]

[Outro: Chance The Rapper]
La la la la01.  The Library (Intro)
02.  I. Crawl
03.  II. worldstar
04.  Dial Up
05.  I. The worst guys (feat. Chance the Rapper)
06.  II. shadows
07.  III. telegraph ave. ("Oakland" by Lloyd)
08.  IV. sweatpants
09.  V. 3005
10.  Playing Around Before the Party Starts
11.  I. The Party
12.  II. no exit
13.  Death By Numbers
14.  I. Flight of the Navigator
15.  II. zealots of stockholm (free information)
16.  III. urn
17.  I. pink toes (feat. Jhene Aiko)
18. II. earth: the oldest computer (The last night) [feat. Azealia Banks]
19.  life: the biggest troll (andrew auernheimer)[Produced by Chance the Rapper & J-Emcee]

[Intro]
Growin' up in Chicago was pretty d so, there's a lot of things that I remember - Bo Squad, goin' to Skinner School, goin' to Jones College Prep, uh workin' with my dad on the campaign for Barack. No no, it was just a lot of things and I have to say goodbye to all of them now that I'm leaving for Washington DC as a lot of you guys know. So I wrote this song, it's called "Beddy Bye" and you'll get the gist of the song as it goes along

[Verse]
Loose stares, train fares, frooties, chews
Big bowls and loose squares
Top notch hamburger
Miracle workers, juke music and foot workers
Dude who stand outside of Old Navy crazy
We shop in Marshall Field's and never call it Macy's
Chicago to me, is the kingdom of hearts
I dance through streets where a king once marched
It's always where you finish and it's never where you start
And I can't outsmart when we move in the dark
This track is hard to listen to again
And now I'm swimmin' in thoughts of lake missin'-you-again
Chicago I'mma marry you with a ring from Jared's
A million carats of rocks the kids moved above your terrace
You were the meeting place of my parents
Now my bubbles popped like corn from Garrett's
You scared so I leave street lights as night light
Leave sky scrapers, high risers and those bright lights
I know you clouds'll cry in the morn'
So I'ma gonna leave on that midnight flight
Beddy bye, beddy bye to the C-H-I
C-H-Y I gotta tuck you in
Knowin' that there'll be no good mornin'
But I say "Beddy bye" to keep my eyes from pourin'
Cause goodnight and goodbye both hurt my throat
And it hurts to know, and it hurts to go
So sweet dreams as I head for the sky
But I couldn't go without saying "Beddy Bye"[Verse 1: Uno Hype]
I used to get a lotta love, homie knew what it was
Till' I hit em' with the strug, got a lil' buzz
Forever smoking indo, forgetting all of this info
And most of it was simple, really cause of my mental
Steadily spitting riddles
Making niggas giggle with that weak shit
You lame niggas can't see this
Cutting up like a fetus, whoa
Look into my eyes yeah they can see the hope
Can't see the whole, but it's not my destination
The top is what I'm cravin'
Success is what I bathed in
Watch they screaming praise his name dog it's amazing
All the faces changing from the bills to the haters
Get out the way homie, can you do me a favor
Leave them dudes watching as I go to the top and
They gon' stop mocking, and I'mma start plotting
Cause they mind boxed-in keep spitting
I got the flow to unlock it
No one they saw this cotton
You ain't built like that, I suggest you niggas stop it

[Hook] x4
It's the champagne pourin'
Bombay sippin', bombay sippin' bom-bombay sippin'

[Verse 2: Hassani Kwess]
Bombay
Bombay
Ha, H-Kwess
Uh, what you thought it was
Nigga started this morning out with a awful buzz
Kicks and punan
Chilling on my arm cover yo mouth when you yawn
It's nasty like ya homegirl wakin' up off the futon
Lookin' good in my ball shorts
Wearin' bangles all sorts
And yo girl got my grey Georgetown crew on
Check it at the do' ho
The Kwess be on the dolo
Hittin emcees solo put em' on the entree
What you sippin'? (Bombay)
What you tippin'? (Bombay)
A bad boy since Big but my mission Andre
We gettin' paper in case loads
Rupee yens and pesos
Euro pounds casino chips
Dippin' in my queso
Niggas come get buck wit' us
Take a girl to fuck wit' us
Kicked the beat, fucked it up
And told the beat to toughen up
Let me get em, hm
How shall I rock thee (What's ya name?)
H-Kwess from the Bombay posse

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Chance the Rapper]
Screaming, "Burn it down!"
Too loud, too dank for you to turn it down
Bad bitches runnin' 'round like shirtless now
Shit's just perfect now
When it's worth it why the fuck would I get nervous now?
So shop with me on Mary
And fuck with me on Sherrif
Puttin' caramel on Garrett's
Yellin', "Fuck the Heat on Derrick"
I'm a city based n-word, 27's, Port's, and spirit's
Been trying to share that dinner
Can't inherit from your parents
#Igh
I was rollin' a blunt when I wrote this
I was smokin' a blunt when I spoke this
Hocus pocus, how's that for a smoke trick
Couldn't pay attention now I can afford focus
Got a lil' buzz and they got fuckin' bogus
Like how you gonna swat a flying locust?
But it's actually dope...
Acid, adderall, and adjectives
An adolescent I could fuck with?
#Igh's his fuckin' ad-lib?
Burn, burn, city we built
You already forgot the names of kids that we killed
Burn, burn, it's hot as all fuck
Cause everyone got burner
Cause it's always gettin' buck
Igh

[Verse 4: Freeway]
Okay
My girl loves to party all the time
Always mad at me
Probably cause I'm always on my grind
I ain't know she swiped a million on the cards [?]
Shopping at the mall, showing off
All cause of my hard
Work, work, work, work
We grindin'
Work, work, work
We gotta
Work, work
Network to get work
Get work to network
Increase my net worth
Get on my feet first and then feed the streets
With that team early heat
And then we get that neck to work
Day in, day out
Staying in no hangin' out
In the studio like Em and Dre
Like MMA we bring em' out
Mix that, put it out
Video then radio
Then after the show make the girl get her neck to work
Main girl, ex-girl
Please em' no X pill
Yes I'm a model
Watch the exert, expert
Perform some new songs
See if I can get that to work
We shut the show down and then we get back to work
Work hard, party harder
More dough let us party longer
Overseas we party yonder
Never rap and we get this cheese

[Hook][Hook: The O'My's]
Living the dream ain't all it seems
Some turn fiends for the paperback greens
Truth be told, it's all I know
I'd rather go blind than lose my soul
Rather not eat if it means I can't speak
I don't lose sleep over niggas who's sweet
See this whole dream was built on cream
If it ain't about a dollar why you talking to me?

[Verse One: Chuck Inglish]
See oil's still spillin', niggas still chillin' tho
We in your house like the rock through the window
Yeah ho, and it's like that for you
And you thought that I wasn't going to mention this at all
It's about to blow and everybody's on dope
Like who hasn't died from a fuckin' overdose
Well here's a song, get on, methadone
Take the edge off, slid off, how you love that
This is how we do it, we writin' them real raps
I ain't got to worry about gettin' my chain back
Cuz niggas know I don't need to get mine snatched
And I hope when they hear this they can feel where I'm at
Like back in the day buying tapes before sacks
Macks catch a case in the face, Max pen
And it happened to some friends
They intentions were waybetter than their decisions
I'm not finished
Call every number on my phone like 'you heard that new song, that came on
It was wild, that nigga Chuck lost his mind on that line'
And it rhymed like...

[Hook: The O'My's]

[Verse Two: Chip Tha Ripper]
Twenty-Twelve is here, we all is avatars
We all be livin' large, we all got pretty broads
The whole globe is ours, we taking over the earth
You thought it was bad now, this shit is going to get worse
Cuz niggas with money too flashy, unruly
Brain washed by this life, it's like a movie
Stay the realist to the end, call me young Abbie Hoffman
Hear about em all the time, we don't see em often
And he don't fit in with all them cornballs
It's going down to late to warn ya'll
This is how real niggas get down, too laid back
Cause attention is for girls, that's why she's wearing that

[Hook: The O'My's]

[Verse Three: Chance The Rapper]
Little rapper, wrap up all that trap rap bullshit
You can dancer, back up (IGH)
Damn dear prancers, don't dash for dames
Don't dip for chips, don't give up your chain
Let me flash the bang, wait and see if they buck
Let me see if they miss, if they hit me it's luck
If they touch me I quit, I'm a rapper's delight
I'm the rapper to like, a comma after the the
Got a bad appetite (IGH)
Fake food that's that shit I dislike (IGH)
Fake boobs that's that shit I did like (IGH)
She likes the mixed drinks
I like the mixed type
She got an accent
She loved the mixtape
Oh you're english?
You heard of Chuck The Rapper?
You heard of Chance The Ripper?
You wanna fuck a rapper?
Life's funny like that, like that
Make it then you bring it right back, right back

[Hook: The O'My's] (x2)

[Verse Four: Twista]
The things that people are willing to do when they want to go straight to the top
Integrity's always important regardless if you ever make it or not
I seen enough of the suffering, what will we do and amounting to nothing and
No method for kissing and hugging the babies, they hatin' instead of lovin' them
And what's up with the government, it never get better
We forever fight over cheddar, so what does it matter who running it - democrat or republican
Stay on top of your business, let nobody stop you from living the dream
Try to be careful about what you do because nothing is as good as it seems
Out of the dark, steppin up hard into the light
Whatever's wrong you can do right, Going against everybody in spite
Lovin' the thoughts they might be having about you not bein' able to come with it on em
...until you shitted on em
Enemies finna face defeat, so they finna hate me
Came through in the place to be in a Benz, Mercedes
They way I spit I'm laced with heat so they imitate me
Flow over interracial beats - Blended Babies[Produced by Peter Cottontale]

[Verse 1]
Here’s a tab of acid for your ear
You’re the plastic, I’m the passion and the magic in the air
The flabbergasted avalanche of ambulances near
The labyrinth of Pan’s Lab is adamantly here
No assignments, book of rhyming and I’m drawing doodles
I should rhyme rhyme with Ramen Noodles
Ramadan, I’m the don of the diamond jewels
Fond of finding a way to kindly tell these toddlers toodles
I’m a kamikaze and I’m a kinda cuckoo
I could write a fucking book, non kamasutral
You niggas goofies, it's a conflict that is kinda crucial
Caught you on the 9 in all blue yelling I’ma neutral
But I’ma let the bull pass like matadors
Versus a Minotaur, verse is a metaphor
A metamorphoses and I’ma fuckin animorph
I used to go to school with Anna Fedele & Danny Whorf
Remember I used to bang with the bad ones
'til my grandmama told on her grandson
Mama said that I was way too handsome
To be throwing the hand’s son”
Breaking Walls like Samson
But I’ma throw a tantrum
'til I’m on Every Samsung
Sanyo, and Handheld and Handgun
Please put ya lighter’s up 'til life is up and light it up
And slice a cut, the night is young, it’s nice enough
The nicest blunt, the nicest stuff
My niggas out here trapping a lot
I know you think you on
Hiding Reggie sacks in your socks
I hang with niggas, whole jab in the jock
.4’s for 15, yea my niggas we be taxing a lot
Only to goofies tho, choking on a doobie though
My eyes do be low, two be rolled
Remember days of the Rufio
Remember the Days of Chan-Man and the Skeeter Man
Brrrang Dang to Lil' B
And Bang a Rang to Peter Pan

[Hook]
I burned too many Brain Cells down
To be worried bout my Brain Cells Now (4X)

[Verse 2]
Light a joint, or spliff it if you classy
Split a swisha witcha nigga
If you ask me
Ain’t no questions hit it vividly and pass me
Don’t answer about your problems
Or your issues or your Ashleys
It’s a quarter to imminent, ten minutes to infinite
Rims, Henny, and reminisce
Nostalgia and M&M's
Cinnamon tone women and
Feminine’s getting intimate
All broads is frivolous
Homies could get they dividends
Is he illiterate, literal syndicate
Illegitimate, idiot, gangbanger affiliate
Sick twisted prick, sick sadistic son of a biscuit
Man fuck this shit

[Hook]Screaming Burn It down!
Too Loud, Too dank, for you to turn it down
Bad bitches running round like shirtless now
Shits just Perfect Now
When it's worth it why the fuck would I get nervous now
So Shop with me on Mary
And Fuck with me on Sherrif
Puttin Caramel On garretts
Yellin "Fuck The Heat On Derrick"
I'm a city based N-word
27's, Port's and Spirit's
Been trying to Share that dinner
Can't Inherit from your Parents
#Igh

I was rollin a blunt when I wrote this
I was smoking a blunt when I spoke this
Hocus Pocus
Hows that for a smoke trick
Couldn't pay attention
Now I can afford focus
Got a lil Buzz and they got fuckin bogus
Like How you swat a flying locust?
But it's actually dope...
Acid, adderol and adjectives
An Adolescent I could fuck with?
#Igh's his fuckin Ad-lib?

Burn Burn
City we built
You already forgot the names
Of kids that we killed
Burn Burn
It's Hot as all fuck
Cause everyone got burner
Cause it's always gettin buck
#Igh[Produced by Nate Fox]

[Hook]
Still a chain smoking
Name dropping
Good looking
Muh' fucking
Motha, shut your mouth
Brain broken
Frank Ocean listening
Stain hitting, satin woodgrain gripping
Paint dripping
Motha, shut your mouth

[Verse 1]
Somebody pray for the god, oh lord
I wonder what Michael's on
Son jammin' to his shit
Rappin' trappin' trippin' 'cid
And sniffing glue and chewing Vicodin
Shoulda died- yelling YOLO was a lie
And you a liar wonder why you wanna die so young
You and I look just alike
And I'm afraid that this one right here
Might be last time that I write a song
Lot of niggas wanna go out with a bang
But I ain't tryna go out at all
So I ain’t tryna go out at all
Got a lot of ideas still to throw out the door
Last chance joint gotta be a dance joint
From an introspective drugged out standpoint
Throw bands joint, wanna hold hands joint
Old school for my own old man joint

[Hook]

[Bridge]
This part right here, right now
Right here, this part my shit
I play this so loud in the car
I forget to park my whip
I lean back, then spark my shit
I turn up, I talk my shit
Hope you love all of my shit
I hope you love all of my shit (IGH)

[Verse 2]
Why toss my filter when she saved my life?
The same shit that kills us, always taste so right
That's why I pray to the dear lord
God know who he be
Truth be told he juiced me
Introduced me to the lucy leaf
Oh oh oh, I seen the light, I lost my lighter
Bic flick, kick the habit and the bucket, fuck your supplier
Lies, Levis on fire
Flyer on the wall I'm brighter
In the darkness of the night
In the sky I get higher, higher

[Hook]

[Bridge]

[Hook]At a passing glance of a Tumblr timeline it'd be easy to mistake Chicago's Chance the Rapper for any number of new jack blog-savvy revivalist rappers struggling their way around high-pitched Pharcyde chatter and "93 Til Infinity" instrumentals. And certainly the production on Acid Rap, with its sampled nods to J Dilla and Tribe Called Quest, leans towards that sort of single-minded throwback. But as a rapper, Chance's nostalgia is immersive, not constructed. It's telling that he openly cites the influence of under-heralded West Coast crew Freestyle Fellowship, a collective that emphasized perpetual stylistic reinvention on a micro level (and provided the big bang for both Pharcyde and Souls of Mischief's elastic flows). So where the A$APs of today pick up hand-me-down and watered down cadences and beat at them repeatedly and the Joey Badasses struggle through existing patterns that are usually far above their competency level, Chance is going back to the point of origin and rebuilding the old styles from scratch. Every track here is kicked in a different cadence—usually jazzy and always frantic—and it's striking to hear that model applied by a young rapper whose raw foundational material is Kanye and Eminem. He's using the same toolbox as the greats but drawing on very different blueprints.

Chance's writing takes a similarly expansive approach to history. For a 20-year-old, Chance's point of view is oddly melancholic and sentimental, but this perspective only strengthens his narratives. He writes with a vivid sensory memory—you can smell the blunt guts or hear the fireworks and mistake them for gunfire in his words. It's a paradoxically level-headed approach on an album where the performance is so unhinged and the second line is "the acid made me crazy." But maybe the title—and Chance's whole Woody Woodpecker meltdown rap style—is a bit of a misdirect. Acid Rap isn't about the trip, it's about the flashbacks. —Andrew NosnitskyTell us in the comment section at the bottom of the page which show and/or festival you will be attending and if you found any information helpful or something we might have missed!

UF With J. Cole
The Buku Project
Michigan
Ultra
CoachellaRevisit



Chance the Rapper's Birthday Circuit
Counter.PointRevisit



JMBLYA
Big Guava
Hangout
Sasquatch!
The Governor's Ball
Bonnaroo
Firefly
Wireless
London ForumCHANCE THE RAPPER might only have graduated from High School in 2011, but he has already dropped two critically acclaimed mixtapes: 10 Day and Acid Rap. The latter was downloaded 50,000 times within 24 hours of its release and garnered praise from Kanye West, James Blake and J. Cole (a bootlegged version has even found it's way onto the Billboard charts).
I'm sitting in a booth at Lou Malnati's Pizzeria in Chicago with Chance the Rapper's manager, Pat. He's got a rugby-player build and shoulder-length blond hair. He orders a Shirley Temple, which arrives, minutes later, filled to the brim with glistening maraschino cherries. Chance walks in. He moves like a mixture of clown and robot. Duck-footed in bright red Adidas sneakers, he's jerky and just a little too aware of his movements. His rail-thin girlfriend, Kirsten, trails him. His first statement 'on the record' is screamed into the Dictaphone: “Fuckballs!”

It's weird to think that the awkward youth before me has earned high praise from the top tiers of the Music Industry. In three days he will embark on a 40-date US tour with Mac Miller followed by a 23-date European tour with Macklemore and Ryan Lewis. His Lollapalooza after-party sold out in 47 minutes, the fastest sellout for one of Chicago's premier hip-hop venues, Reggies.

"The dopest feature on  Acid Rap  is probably Twista," he tells me when I ask him which artists he admires. "We had a little show at a shoe store, and when I got there, Twista was performing. I had to go on next and when we were passing by he was like, 'You killin' it right now!' And I was like, 'Oh my God - you're Twista!' After the show he was telling me he listened to my shit and he was talking about how he knew 'Brain Cells' word for word, and all my old shit. When me and Vic [Mensa] were working on that 'Cocoa Butter Kisses' track, I was like, 'You know who would be raw as hell on this song? Twista.' I called him and he was like, 'Send it right now.' It was crazy because he was really into it, like, 'Can you hear what I'm saying in this verse? Can you get the verse? Do you like this one part? Should I change this? Is it good enough?' Like, what bro? You're Twista! It's A-OK with me."

"I do think that there's some sort of structure in the way that everything is," he says regarding the events that led him to this point in his career. "I feel like we're very in control of our own destiny, but I don't know if that necessarily means that we're loose in the world or there's nothing controlling us. What are the chances that this kid named Chance, who graduated from high School with a 1.3 GPA...I've seen some really crazy shit happen. I've been a part of some really crazy shit and am still a part of some really crazy shit. I don't know if I could that it's all up to Chance."

Wait -- "'Chance' or 'chance'?"

"That it's all up to me. I feel like there's gotta be something — somebody — somewhere putting people in the same room as me or putting J. Cole in the same elevator as me, making me say, ‘Alright, I’ll go here.’ Don’t you ever have that intuition moment of, like, a sixth sense telling you to go somewhere?”

My stomach grumbles and our cheese sticks arrive. Our waiter (whom Chance likens to the bad guy in the first  Spiderman  movie and therefore dubs 'Scumbag') brings over some ketchup. "I'm a ketchup and cheese stick guy," he says with a grin, squirting a red mound onto his plate.

“Most of the shit that happened for  Acid Rap was in the last three or three-and-a-half weeks before the tape dropped. Those last few weeks I was like, ‘Oh shit! I have a tape that’s supposed to drop in less than a month! I have to finish all of it now,’ so I just stayed in the studio, like, every day. It takes me a long time to write — sometimes six or seven hours to write a verse. I spend so much time scratching shit out and stuff, but I also have really bad ADD so I can’t pay attention to shit for too long. I used to be prescribed Adderall, but I never used it.”

Chance is definitely easily distracted. He reads Twitter throughout our interview, scrolling constantly as we talk.I sneak a peek at the screen, and texts are coming in from J.Cole (in extra-large font because Chance "can't fucking see at all.") The two are making plans to hang out later, but then his phone dies so he tells me about the first album he got into.

“Kanye is the reason I make rap music. The College Dropout was the first album I ever owned — the first piece of music that was mine, that my mom bought for me and gave to me. I've never been to a Kanye concert. I had tickets twice, but I missed both of ’em. Both times I got in trouble. I used to be in a lot of trouble when I was a kid.”

That wasn't so long ago. Chance the Rapper came up with his mixtape,  10 Day , when he was suspended for ten days in his senior year of high school after being caught smoking weed in the school parking lot. So really, all that troublemaking might have been for the best. What kinds of mischief did her get up to while creating  Acid Rap?

"I did 'Chain Smoker' and 'Lost' on acid," he admits. "I never wanted it to be like 'I'm a good rapper because I do acid'. I was going through something at the time and I feel the music is supposed to document who the artist is as a person, and their outlook on life at that moment."

If we dropped acid together, he says we'd listen to James Blake and Hiatus Kaiyote. We'd also listen to  Acid Rap  while he'd "point out all the crazy things that you never noticed about it, and all the weird things that I put under the track, like the little subliminal messages. I'm telling kids to kill their parents!" He's joking, I hope.

“What sucks is that when you’re an artist and you get known, more people know you for your music and know you for a certain aesthetic, and the world kind of pushes that on you. So, every time I meet people they only want to talk to me about acid or they want to give me some free acid. It’s cool when you first get into it, but then you kind of realise over time it’s not necessarily who you are. It might be something you do, but it’s not at all who you are.”

He stops and stares at the piece of pizza on his fork. I ask if something's wrong. "Yeah, the tomato was looking weird. I was thinking about whether or not I was...Thank you," he says, and eats it anyway.

"I think I've kinda gotten to a point in my life where I'm happy a lot without dropping Acid," he says. I ask if it has anything to do with his girlfriend Kirsten, whom his song 'Interlude (That's Love)' was written for. Chance says they've been dating for "years and years and years"; Pat says six months. "Tomato, tomahto," Chance replies. "A week and a half. No, I'll stop making joke." Kirsten changes the subject to shaving her legs and Pat recommends laser hair removal.

"I might do it to my pubes," Chance declares. "I got, like, some serious problems going on with entanglement...I thought that was funny. As it came out of my mouth it sounded grosser and grosser." He picks up a pen to sign the bill, but instead stops and shouts, "I don't sign autographs!"Chance the Rapper's "Acid Rap" cracks the Heatseekers chart -- even though the MC's not selling the new mixtape.

Two acts have cracked the Heatseekers chart even as their releases are also available for free.

In the case of Chance the Rapper, his much-hyped "Acid Rap" mixtape reached No. 26 on the Heatseekers chart with 800 units sold, according to Nielsen SoundScan. However, the MC hasn't made the release commercially available himself: while available for physical purchase on Amazon and other retailers via the label MTC, distributed by Houston, Texas' 1Stop, Chance's management tells Billboard they're not responsible. The rapper remains unsigned, and "Acid Rap" was released for free (via ChanceRaps.com) in part due to rights issues stemming from guest appearances and samples. A similarly bootleg iTunes release of the mixtape was taken down.

PARTYNEXTDOOR's self-titled mixtape notches an official success, however, with the retail version moving 1,600 copies and bowing at No. 6 on Heatseekers this week. As with Chance, the mixtape is also available for free download alongside its retail release on Drake's OVO Sound label.

Download figures for the acts' free editions were not available. However, PARTYNEXTDOOR's release is a streaming hit on SoundCloud, with the track "Over Here," featuring Drake, nearly up to 900,000 plays.