[Intro: DJ Clue & Fabolous]
Live from the 718
World Famous DJ Clue.. Desert Storm
The Kid Loso... Welcome to Friday Night Freestyle Baby
We turning up for the Streets... This that Hall of Fame flow baby
Stop Playing.. (Lets Go)
Yea kid mobbin' with the gods...  (Clue)
Uh huh, Uh huh we like it
Yea Kid mobbin' with the gods
You don't want no problem with the gods

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
Look I talk it cause I live it, stand on my own pivot
I don't need your credit, and you ain't got it to give it
All I do is fill up banks, Aunt Viv it
Drink Belaire Champane and Club Liv it
I come from the era where you really had to live it
Couldn't say you Bentley, you're really a Honda Civic
Every thing you said painted pictures so vivid
So when I talk clippers, know that I can Doc Riv it (swish)
Big man, pace your self like Roy Hibbert
You feel froggy than leap, stop all the ribbits
I pop up at your crib and cats lookin' like Xzibit
Box braids and mean mugs, I mean thugs
Type you would merge with on some purge shit
Put in 'work' ASAP, on some Ferg shit
My homies said "niggas just tryna wave surf you
Tryna jump aboard the wave you gave birth through"
All these niggas late and want me to waive curfew
Talkin' like they shooters when they wouldn't spray perfume
They know who the hell I be, I'm L-I-T
I pass one to French like "c'est la vie"
Ju L-I-E, stay off the L-I-E
The 2 Chains made a single no L-I-E (Truu)
I mean I don't care what her man says
He better come 'airing' like Hernadez
Or you gon' hear that 'Braat' like Birdman says
Leave him hanging out his helmet, Richard Sherman Dreads
See, I hit shorty like I need that bouquet
Her man hit me back like "you need some WHO cake?"
I text him right back like "you heard that new Drake?
You know that if you reading this it's too late"
See you ain't offending me
It ain't like you ain't heard son is fly as Kennedy (JFK)
Riding in the six, got a lot of enemies
A lot of people tryna drain me of the energy
I know how it be, you know me from Brevoort
Used to call me "Sport", now it's Resorts
Boats and  sea ports, foreign v's bought
Stamps and p-port, bunch of bitches in them Ms. Parker jean shorts
Mami got some head that'll stop a deport
Throat game have me stuck, call it deep thought
But watch where you kick it
You park in the wrong spot, you know you'll get a ticket
All of that tough talk, and now the shit is crickets
Be alot of places where these niggas can't visit
They think yo mans missin'

["I been around" hook chant]

[Fabolous ranting]
I been around the world nigga..
I been around your girl too
Stop callin my muthafuckin phone talkin bout who this?
Deez NUTS! GOT 'EM! Hahahaa... GOT 'EM!

[DJ Clue]
DJ Clue... Desert Storm...
Street Fam... I told ya'll...

[Fabolous ranting]
Don't let me catch you in the wrong spot nigga
Dem boys gon give you a ticket
Tryna take the waaave from a nigga

[DJ Clue ranting]
We ain't done yet
Ya'll niggas is sleeping at the wheel
We on auto pilot[Intro: DJ Clue]
Yeah, live from the 718, the World Famous DJ Clue
Desert Storm, that boy Fabolous
Friday Night Freestyles
You know how we get down
Stupid

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
Yo, two things fam I ain't nuthin' ta fuck wit'
My crew ain't playing and we ain't for the fuck shit
I'm ridin' wit whoever that I hop out the truck wit'
Slidin' with the sticks on some slap-in-the-puck shit
No hockey, just riders, no jockey
Chinese food, less beef, more broccoli
My fortune cookie said stay humble, flow cocky
Call the jeweler A$AP, time to go Rocky
My chain glisten, bright enough to change vision
Shortie see I'm everything that these lames isn't
Told you I could take your bitch, you ain't listen
I heard the friend zone feel like you in Bane prison
Fly little joint, her weave just hang different
Bought her that Malaysia, she went plane missin'
I put her in that fast lane no more lane switchin'
Told her keep curvin' them niggas don't change pitches
Benchriders, comin' in the game dissin'
Fame fishin', tryna-get-a-name mission
My team gon rush you niggas, we came blitzin'
My boy got that AK wit' him he came swizzin'
I bang vixens, main chicks and game kicks in
Hit it and fall back on em, game sixin'
Keep them broke bitches away, we ain't fixin'
You chasin' baby? I'm straight, ain't mixin'!
Dusse straight up, cause dues say paid up
It's go time Rugs, fuck who say wait up
You in ATL, then my crew may skate up
Like T.I. flick, handle B.I. quick
All my niggas bring em home, R.B.I. chicks
All you niggas talk to the FBI Quick, rats
Sprinter full of Splinters
I was gettin paper like a printer through the winter
Weather break I might get the Bent or the Aventa-
Dor, more, adventures of a center
Big nigga ballin', big figures callin'
She hooked on me, she a big-dick-a-holic
Tryna stay above water that's just some duck shit
Tryna stash a hundred mil, keep it a buck shit
We stay winnin' baby this ain't no luck shit
Rest of these niggas ain't nothin' to fuck wit

[Outro: DJ Clue]
DJ Clue, Desert Storm
Fabolous, that Street Fam
Oh yeah![Intro - Tamia]
I think you're truly something special (Ooooh)
Just what my dream are really made of (Dreams are really made of)
Let's stay together you and me boy (Ooo-ooo-ooh)
There's no one like you 'round, oh baby
Oh, I wanna love you, yeah yeah

[Fabolous] + (Tamia)
Uh, baby girl (Yeah, yeah)
Uh, uh, (Ooh)
Desert Storm, uh (Ooo-ooh)
Uh, uh huh, uh, uh huh, uh (Ooo-ooh)
Yeah, yeah, oh, uh

[Verse 1 - Fabolous]
I can't really explain it
I'm so into you now, I want to be more than a friend of you now
When they ask, I mention my baby girl in the interviews now
And I don't bring the problems from the 90's into 2 thou'
There's no reason to have a friend or two now
Cause the kid's ready to tell you how he feel in a few vow's
Maybe, I'm speaking general now
But girl I'mma do whatever just to keep a grin on you now
Where I go, they wear bikini's in the winter too now
What you think about, tan lines on the skin of you now
Why wouldn't I wanna spend a few thou'
On 5th Ave. shopping spree's, and them dinners to Chow's
I ain't concerned what other men would do now
As long as when I slide up in you, you growl
And any dude with you, he better be a kin of you now
And I ain't jealous it's the principle now, I'm so into you

[Hook x2 - Tamia]
I, really like
What you've, done to me
I can't really explain it
I'm, so into you

[Verse 2 - Fabolous]
Come on ma, it's more than a flashin'
I woulda traded it all, in orderly fashion
My villa in Florida we crashin'
Just off the shore, so you can hear when water be splashin'
The drop top three and a quarter we dashin'
The flawless diamonds, and the border we flashin'
The money, we oughta be stashin'
I make sure every quarter be cashed in, I can't really explain it
My friend be thinkin' I'm slippin', these girls be thinkin' I'm trippin'
What kinda weed he be smokin', what type of drinks he be sippin'
Sweet thing, just to think of you dippin'
Would have me with the blue's so hard, you would think I was crippin'
Now, you relaxin' in the Benz, credit cards with no limits
So you don't worry about maxin' when you spend
Ever since you've been askin' 'bout the friends
How'd you like it if, both our name's had Jackson on the ends, uh

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3 - Fabolous]
I don't wanna trip, but truth is
Girl the way you cook a steak, remind me of those strips in Ruth Chris
You love my smile, no matter how chipped my tooth is
With you, it ain't because my whips is roofless
Or sit on chrome dipped dub deuces
And you ain't flattered by Canary envy es dipped Jesus'
Other ballers look dumb when they press you, five and sixes
You don't let them kinda numbers impress you
Even though I was somewhat successful
Bein' a player was becoming too stressful
But every since, the superwoman has come to my rescue
My winter's been wonderful, my summer's been special
Let's fly to St. Bart, while the villa be painted
Just so we can get really acquainted
The love is real, there's no way it could feel like it's tainted
But I can't really explain it, uh, yeah

[Hook] x2

[Outro - Tamia]
I, really like (Ooo-ooo-ooh)
What I feel, when I'm with you (With you)
You're a dream come true (You're, oh yeah, yeah)
Don't you ever leave my side (Ever leave my side, oh no)
Cause it feel so right (Oh baby, oh I)

[Hook until fade][Intro: Jadakiss]
"Let's keep it real son, count that money know what I'm sayin?
Put the Grants over there in the safe
Cause we spending the Jacksons"

[Intro: Fabolous]
"The Washingtons go to the kids
The wifey don't want them Washingtons no more"

[Verse 1: Jadakiss]
Visualizing the realism of life in actuality
"Losin' weight" is more different than burning calories
Analyze it for for yourself, do the analogy
That jealousy just might lead to a fatality
And my mentality is money orientated
I get the last laugh, it's funny all of you hate it
And soon as you heard it was coming all of you waited
Now you upset, cause your honey already played it
Somethin' must've got in us cause all of us turned to sinners
We could hop on the jet and the summer could turn to winter
Devil on your shoulder he only tryna' convince ya
You don't feel it though, til' the moment they turn against ya
Right now we ain't dealing with any feelings
Me and my villans be out somewhere stacking plenty millions
We keep it trill and we still gettin' high
Cause life's a bitch and then ya, die

[Hook]
Cause life's a bitch and then ya die
That's why we get high, cause you never know when you gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die...

[Verse 2: Fabolous]
Life's a bitch but this money make her smile at me though
In this era, life would be on a reality show
I see the vanity, but where did the morality go?
You got that work, but you doin' it for salary ho?
Let me paint this picture for you, art gallery flow
Give you food for thought, but it's low on calories though
See me and life figured out what my talent's be yo
And now it's bread, green, cheese, caesar salad to go
His and Her everything, gotta style on these hoes
We just natural born killers, Mickey Mallory yo
Catch me drivin' through the lane ain't no fouling me yo
The cal on me bro, load it up with jalapenos
That hot shit'll cool you off got that IcyHot
My eyes open for them haters and them sheisty thots
The funny thing I get it free at the pricey spots
And the flick-of-the-wrist, got me in this icey watch because

[Hook]

[Outro: Jadakiss]
Uhh... One love...
Rest in Peace... Chinx Drugz...
Salute...[Hook: Future]
Walking downtown with a fat booty freak
You get a ring, so they don't visit your door
20 G's on me
Designer from my head to the floor
These niggas ain't seeing me
These niggas think they wanna be me, but they know that they can't
I got worldwide streets status
Affiliated with the gangstas and killers
Yeah, now my niggas, I ride for my niggas
And I'm down for my niggas
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Rich friday

[Verse 1: Future]
What what, shout out to all my niggas killin it
Yeah, yeah, shout out to these bitches feelin it
Flyest nigga on the earth I live in the shook
Type of nigga often go get you some giuseppe
These young niggas that ride with me they scream murder
The feds stash that nigga up and he out, dog, he working
That yola all in my bloodline, still give me that money
They come through and bang, bang on you like the screen 300
Codeine all in my stomach, big face, that Rolie
Eating on that good jamaican with a nigga twistin that Dodie
Sa pa my zoes, riding around with them Yoppas
Niggaa claiming they got shooters but they shooters ain’t got bodies


[Hook]


[Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]
Whoa whoa whoa shout out to dem bitches tryna be me
Yea yea yea, bitch I'm poppin bottles, dream of genie
Flyest bitch on the planet, live in a castle
Niggas love me, my little waist, my ass colossal
These old bitches I fuck with get money
Dat Atlanta, dat Texas, dat Alabama - Montgomery
He ain't fuckin' no dummy
Bitches be fuckin' to get dat money
They pack, packin' dat gunny
Nigga you talk shit and get done-y
I tiger dial that rollie
Got that Angelina, that Jolie
I'm plain jane'n, no ice in it, so ain't no need for dat goalie
My jet prolly say Boeing
Bitches be broke claimin they ho'n
This jacket here cost 10 thousand
That tag on it say Balmain


[Hook]


[Verse 3: Juelz Santana]
40 grand for the sky dweller
4 grand on the Margiela's
44, I'm a pawn fella
Bad bitch 40 times
Wake up in the morning, brush my teeth, smoke
My baby kissed my baby's daddy, gotta go
Semi-automatic, ready for the show
Clique full of killers, that's my band, we all rock and roll
Drum roll for these niggas please
We shopping for bodies, killing sprees
We be in the club spending rent
We be buying cars that these niggas rent
Couldn't see me if I had no tint
Superman that ho Clark Kent
You choke, don't do [?], I'm always on some new shit
[?] tracking my movi


[Hook]


[Verse 4: French Montana]
It's friday, it's friday
2 million dollars in the driveway
I need more money ASAP Rocky
Streetsweeper, get the floor moppin'
I done started with a bank roll
Whipping salt harder than tank door
Smoking killer, I am with a killer
Pull up to the dealer looking like a dealer
In the droptop strapped, worth [?]
Now he off the wall, million coffee pack
I've seen dreams turned to 25 to life
Mike had 25 a night
And them shoes Alejandro
Shawtie bust it open for a hundo


[Hook][Hook: French Montana]
We coming to clean up
She busting it wide open when she seen us
Where's your bitch, haven't seen her, ay
We coming to clean up
Young rich fly nigga
.45 rise nigga
Don't ride with my niggas
You don't wanna try niggas

[Verse 1: French Montana]
Sniffing [?] you high nigga
Or you deaf, dumb, blind nigga
Its the coke boy mob nigga
We don't rep, we gon rob nigga
Hustling was a job nigga
You ain't never hustled, had a job nigga
Yous a spy nigga
And your bitch is a fly nigga
Stuffed like a African to a fly nigga
Small face, all your time nigga
Small place with your mom nigga
That ain't mine nigga
Haan

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Yo Gotti]
Baby these my whips
Baby this ain't rented
Everything fishbowl nothing is tented
Icing on the cake, its a real nigga in it
Wanna talk millions, bitch I got plenty
These my hoes, nigga these my bitches
These my goons, they gon' handle my business
Condo ceiling, looking for the engine
I was in the front, that's the trunk [?]
I got suicide doors, yeah my car need watching
Bitch I'm confident, and ain't never been cocky
Jeans ain't strapped if ya still gotta cock it
Rock a bye baby, pop it

[Hook][Clue] Yeah.. DJ Clue! A/K/A/, William, M. Holla..
With William H. Holla
[Jay-Z] The world's most infamous
[Clue] The Holla family nigga
[Jay-Z] Roc-A-Fella Records, c'mon
[Clue] Dynasty! New Jay-Z! Beanie Sigel!
Stick to the script!
[Jay-Z] We live money over bitches nigga stick to the script
[Clue] Remember where you heard it first.. stupid!
[Jay-Z] Cop, flip, we re-up; get back to the shift
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script
[Clue] D.. J.. CLUE!

[Jay-Z]
YO, they call me William H. (H!) the all-time great (GREAT!)
I fuck the most hoes out of New York State (STATE!)
I rock my jewels (JEWELS) I'm not a fool (FOOL!)
In the small of my back I got this big-ass tool (Ha hah!)
When I'm skatin through the city and I stop and kick it
Be the most asked question - how I got them digits?
I say I stay on my grind, never stop for bitches
Never talk like a mime I gotta watch you snitches
And I stick to the script, that's my advice so live
Eat nigga, let it stick to your ribs
I seen niggas go from handlin birds to ramblin words
To the man, seen a Sammy the Bull emerge on the stand
And it was all good just a week ago
We lost Ty and E, but we still eatin though
For like a hundred weeks nigga, we gon' run the streets
Til we reach Malik or the date of E's release
Peep Hova in a Jeep Rover, passin reefer over
To this freak, breathe mami this is good weed mami
Three, hymies under the belt, three extra clip
We aim, we shoot; y'all shoot aim, we stick to the script
C'mon!

[Hook: Jay-Z]
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script
We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script
{*scratch* "You can bullshit with rap if you want, muh'fuckers"}
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script
We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script
{*scratch* "You in the streets nigga, make your moves"}

{*scratch* "Y'all niggas truly ain't ready for this dynasty thing"}

[Beanie Sigel]
Geah, uh-huh
Yeah, money over bitches nigga
{*scratch* "This Philly cat ba.. back at it"}
Stick to the script, yo

Aiyyo they don't call me Mac for nuttin
I don't give a whore jack, man they all say that Mac be frontin
But if you can't take a case bitch and take it to the chin
Take the heat, beat your feet bitch, skate in the wind
Don't snitch, we can blow dough, make it again
You can be my ho bitch, I can't make you my friend
Because - friends depend on friends, not Bean Sigel's shit
I don't need you; let welfare feed you
Mac'll, stick to the script, and stick to the flip
I got a sick whip game, water stick to the bricks
I got a sick flip game, order gettin and shit
I got a strict strip, flip 'caine, get it in shifts
Bitch, you can't get at me, shit I get at you
Only in the physical, I tell you like Mystikal
"Shake that ass (yeah) watch yourself
(Yeah) show me what you workin with but wash yourself"
Fuck a dirty bitch (yeah) man I roll with a sturdy click
That'll murder shit, empty clips you never heard a spit
Slide a bitch what? Slide a bitch shit
Slide a bitch dick, then I slide out a bitch shit
Ain't no time to stick around and play step pops
Shit I'm tryin to get down, cop and upset blocks
Low price, quick flip, 2-8-K quick
Shit don't go right, 2 AK's spit - stick to the script nigga

[Hook]
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script
We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script
..
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script
We cop, we flip, we re-up; get back on our shift
Money over bitches nigga stick to the script
Y'all get knocked, y'all turn bitch
We get knocked, we never snitch, c'mon[Intro: DJ Clue]
Yeah, live from the 718, the World Famous DJ Clue
Desert Storm, that boy Fabolous
Friday Night Freestyles
You know how we get down
Stupid

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
Yo, two things fam I ain't nuthin' ta fuck wit'
My crew ain't playing and we ain't for the fuck shit
I'm ridin' wit whoever that I hop out the truck wit'
Slidin' with the sticks on some slap-in-the-puck shit
No hockey, just riders, no jockey
Chinese food, less beef, more broccoli
My fortune cookie said stay humble, flow cocky
Call the jeweler A$AP, time to go Rocky
My chain glisten, bright enough to change vision
Shortie see I'm everything that these lames isn't
Told you I could take your bitch, you ain't listen
I heard the friend zone feel like you in Bane prison
Fly little joint, her weave just hang different
Bought her that Malaysia, she went plane missin'
I put her in that fast lane no more lane switchin'
Told her keep curvin' them niggas don't change pitches
Benchriders, comin' in the game dissin'
Fame fishin', tryna-get-a-name mission
My team gon rush you niggas, we came blitzin'
My boy got that AK wit' him he came swizzin'
I bang vixens, main chicks and game kicks in
Hit it and fall back on em, game sixin'
Keep them broke bitches away, we ain't fixin'
You chasin' baby? I'm straight, ain't mixin'!
Dusse straight up, cause dues say paid up
It's go time Rugs, fuck who say wait up
You in ATL, then my crew may skate up
Like T.I. flick, handle B.I. quick
All my niggas bring em home, R.B.I. chicks
All you niggas talk to the FBI Quick, rats
Sprinter full of Splinters
I was gettin paper like a printer through the winter
Weather break I might get the Bent or the Aventa-
Dor, more, adventures of a center
Big nigga ballin', big figures callin'
She hooked on me, she a big-dick-a-holic
Tryna stay above water that's just some duck shit
Tryna stash a hundred mil, keep it a buck shit
We stay winnin' baby this ain't no luck shit
Rest of these niggas ain't nothin' to fuck wit

[Outro: DJ Clue]
DJ Clue, Desert Storm
Fabolous, that Street Fam
Oh yeah![Intro: The Game] + (DJ Clue)
Ay Clue? turn me up a lil' bit, the mic and the headphones
(A Week Ago!) all the way up (Part 2!)
It's a true story (The Game!)
(Listen close y'all! Clue?!)

[Verse 1: The Game] + (DJ Clue)
It all started off as a dream, me & you
In the hood sellin' rocks, never thought I would see it through
I was just a hood nigga sellin' crack with deflated hoop dreams
You can't see it by the way the Bentley coupe bling (ha ha!)
I'm fresh out, just tryna keep my shoes clean
While you on TV doin' your 1, 2 thing
On BET sittin' by Free in them blue jeans
Is the reason I waited for you like true fiends
Fast-forward, relationship in full-swing
News headlines read "Game Got A New Fling"
I got a new queen
And after what happened at Hot 97 it's time for a new team
Get Jacob on the phone, cop some new bling
Can't be affiliated if he snitched on
This Rap shit'll leave you scarred
And through it all, you are my ghetto superstar

[Hook: Mario Winans]
(Ahh) no sleepin', tossin', turnin' (ahh)
Never thought the tables were turnin' (ahh)
Seven days, my heart's still burnin'
Cause it was all just good a week ago (ahh)
Took a chance and now I'm learnin' (ahh)
Real talk, my faith would deter me (ahh)
Seven days, my heart's still burnin'
Cause it was all just good a week ago

[Verse 2: The Game]
It's funny what seven days could change
From the "Dreams" video to a box at the Wizards' game
I give my heart, my house, & this chain
Just to see ya face when the roses came
You wanted me to meet ya family - I'm on the next plane
To eat dinner with ya pops at P.F. Changs
He said he would die for you I told him I'd do the same
And I seen it in his eyes - he could feel my pain
I told you I had a son - you wanted to know his name
Harlem, but the fans call him "Baby Game"
For his birth I was against all odds in the streets
Me, Little Mike, & Fase dodgin' police
Now we in the studio - heads bobbin' to beats
First Jay & Beyonce then Nas & Kelis
Same night I told your pops I would give you the world
I was your +LL+ you was my +Around The Way Girl+

[Hook: Mario Winans] + (*DJ Clue*)
(Ahh) no sleepin', tossin', turnin' (ahh)
Never thought the tables were turnin' (ahh)
Seven days, my heart's still burnin' (*Jimmy H.!*)
Cause it was all just good a week ago (ahh)
Took a chance and now I'm learnin' (ahh) (*that nigga Diddy!*)
Real talk, my faith (*Clark Kelly!*) would deter me (ahh)
Seven days, my heart's still burnin'
Cause it was all just good a week ago (*come on!*)

[Verse 3: The Game] + (DJ Clue)
I had dreams of lovin' an R&B chick
But I had no idea the shit feel like this
If I told Dre, he wouldn't believe this shit
Me & you at the movies holdin' hands (ha ha!) watchin' Hitch
And even though we both got a lot at risk
We in DC eatin' chicken on a college bench
To my condo in L.A., slap-box, I'm with
Daddy's lil' girl, makin' people Glock and a whip
Now is it that irate that a nigga could relate
To us holdin' each other down on our first date?
You remind me of my nigga, ridin' state to state
She ain't worried about my digits cause we both got cake
You made yours singin' - I made mine off weight
Niggas reach? Take five shots from a .38
And murder was the case that they gave me

[Hook: Mario Winans] + (*DJ Clue*)
(Ahh) no sleepin', tossin', turnin' (ahh)
Never thought the tables were turnin' (ahh)
Seven days, my heart's still burnin'
Cause it was all just good a week ago (ahh)
Took a chance (*Clue?!*) and now I'm learnin' (ahh) (*Desert Storm!*)
Real talk, my faith would deter me (ahh)
Seven days (*Professional 3!*), my heart's still burnin'
Cause it was all just good a week ago

[Outro: The Game] + (DJ Clue)
DJ Clue! The Professional!
Hurricane, Mario Winans, gangsters need love too
This song is dedicated to (ha ha)
The baddest bitch in the game, she know who she is
(DJ Clue! Professional Part 3! Y'all know what it is! Ha ha!)[Mary J. Blige w/ Soul II Soul in background]
Steady are you ready? (are you ready?)
What's goin on? (whats goin on?)
Steady are you ready? (are you ready)
What's goin on? (tell me whats goin on)
Cold fresh air feeeel the mellow dip thats in the air
Ohhh yeaa, I'm bound take a look around
Ohhh, whats goin down?
However do you want me?
However do you need me?
However do you want me?
However do you need me?
However do you want me?
However do you need me?
However do you want me?
However do you need me?
Im living at the very top of the floor
Theres no more room for anything more
I state my name, my name's to claim
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHh
This is M. J. B

[Jadakiss]
Uhh yea, now girl step up to Kiss
You sippin red zinfandel, step up to Cris'
The coupe got 19's, the chain's got nice gleam
Girlfriend, you been scooped like ice cream
Your ass is fat, your frame is little
Got the door knockers on with your name in the middle
On the dance floor gettin it in with me
Might let you and your friend hit me
Soon as the wind hit me
I live dare, legendary the top of the globe
So there is no more room for anything more
And I state my name, my names to claim
Jadakiss I done came here and changed the game
Now we at the point where your birthdays is costly
Got you Escada'ed out in a teacup yorkey
Head so crazy that its killin me softly
Sit down tell me how you want and how you need me
It's the "muah", Mary, and Clue please believe it

[Mary J. Blige w/ Soul II Soul in background] - over last lines
However do you want me?
However do you need me?
However do you want me?
However do you need me?
However do you want me?
However do you need me?
However do you want me?
However do you need me?
However do you want me?
However do you need me?
However do you want me?
However do you need me?
However do you want me?
However do you need me?
However do you want me?
However do you need me?
However do you want me?
However do you need me?

{*repeat ad infinitum to fade*}[Intro: DJ Clue & Fabolous]
Live from the 718
World Famous DJ Clue.. Desert Storm
The Kid Loso... Welcome to Friday Night Freestyle Baby
We turning up for the Streets... This that Hall of Fame flow baby
Stop Playing.. (Lets Go)
Yea kid mobbin' with the gods...  (Clue)
Uh huh, Uh huh we like it
Yea Kid mobbin' with the gods
You don't want no problem with the gods

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
Look I talk it cause I live it, stand on my own pivot
I don't need your credit, and you ain't got it to give it
All I do is fill up banks, Aunt Viv it
Drink Belaire Champane and Club Liv it
I come from the era where you really had to live it
Couldn't say you Bentley, you're really a Honda Civic
Every thing you said painted pictures so vivid
So when I talk clippers, know that I can Doc Riv it (swish)
Big man, pace your self like Roy Hibbert
You feel froggy than leap, stop all the ribbits
I pop up at your crib and cats lookin' like Xzibit
Box braids and mean mugs, I mean thugs
Type you would merge with on some purge shit
Put in 'work' ASAP, on some Ferg shit
My homies said "niggas just tryna wave surf you
Tryna jump aboard the wave you gave birth through"
All these niggas late and want me to waive curfew
Talkin' like they shooters when they wouldn't spray perfume
They know who the hell I be, I'm L-I-T
I pass one to French like "c'est la vie"
Ju L-I-E, stay off the L-I-E
The 2 Chains made a single no L-I-E (Truu)
I mean I don't care what her man says
He better come 'airing' like Hernadez
Or you gon' hear that 'Braat' like Birdman says
Leave him hanging out his helmet, Richard Sherman Dreads
See, I hit shorty like I need that bouquet
Her man hit me back like "you need some WHO cake?"
I text him right back like "you heard that new Drake?
You know that if you reading this it's too late"
See you ain't offending me
It ain't like you ain't heard son is fly as Kennedy (JFK)
Riding in the six, got a lot of enemies
A lot of people tryna drain me of the energy
I know how it be, you know me from Brevoort
Used to call me "Sport", now it's Resorts
Boats and  sea ports, foreign v's bought
Stamps and p-port, bunch of bitches in them Ms. Parker jean shorts
Mami got some head that'll stop a deport
Throat game have me stuck, call it deep thought
But watch where you kick it
You park in the wrong spot, you know you'll get a ticket
All of that tough talk, and now the shit is crickets
Be alot of places where these niggas can't visit
They think yo mans missin'

["I been around" hook chant]

[Fabolous ranting]
I been around the world nigga..
I been around your girl too
Stop callin my muthafuckin phone talkin bout who this?
Deez NUTS! GOT 'EM! Hahahaa... GOT 'EM!

[DJ Clue]
DJ Clue... Desert Storm...
Street Fam... I told ya'll...

[Fabolous ranting]
Don't let me catch you in the wrong spot nigga
Dem boys gon give you a ticket
Tryna take the waaave from a nigga

[DJ Clue ranting]
We ain't done yet
Ya'll niggas is sleeping at the wheel
We on auto pilotYea, Its bout to get real hard for these niggas to move man
Somebody get these niggas some wheelchairs or somethin

Goin to war is still a scary issue
But in my hood they train to kill wit every pistol
Like they military issue
Guess you a star if you sell a million every disc two
Catch a gun case and bounce and still they'll barely frisk you
Cuz, I proved I move the retail
Make the smoothest grooves wit female
And I remove the rules on V12's
You ain't never seen it move this smooth on sprewell's
I'm a hustler, you just a middle man to me
The way I pass the rock could make Jason Kidd a fan of me
Just cop one joint, I'm a one point somethin
Still I'll have you at gunpoint, with one joint dumpin
So watch what you say to them crackers
Ill put a couple G's on yer head like you play for the Packers
I'm rap's Labron James, I quickly see baskets
These scrubs wouldn't make it to the Mickey-D's classics
You got some sticky weed? Pass it
If not put it out, im pushin it before they put it out
Wit the dash, wooded out, Shaq O'Neal footed out
Blastin a (?) get it first, before they put it out, Clue!

Yea, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh

Maybe wouldn't be a million kids wit they faces on containers
If cops pursue the same way they chase us entertainers
In the hood, a few big faces and a chain a-
Get metal in ya mouth like braces and retainers
Even the young bucks be scheming on somebody change
Tryin a sell somebody 'cain, before they even potty trained
You can smooth talk your way into a hottie brain
Have her suckin long enough to leave a nigga body drained
I wasn't taught, I learned from watchin stupid people
That'll run up shootin, in front of a group of people
I lay in a cut, the same way the troopers peep you
Ride up on yer coupe and creep you while you let a groupie deep you
Cuz even if you reppin like a man of skill
You gon' still need a weapon when you layin a deal
One for watch you slippin like you steppin banana pills
Think a nigga ain't gon' pull a weapon cuz you scanned a mil? (what)
I crept in and got handed meals
Now the white and black rides look like salt and pepper on the bannon grill
Think I wouldn't hold a Pepsi in my hand for mils?
You must be fuckin stupid, nigga

[Ad-Lib til end][Verse One: Fabolous]
You're lookin' at the rookie rapper
With a years biggest itcha rows
Yeah this nigga switch his flows
Yeah I dig and switch his hoes
Hear them niggas snitch to po's
Where a nigga pitch his blow
And how my hustle gross is near that nigga Richard Po's
I share my figures with the hoes
I'm where the digger stitch his clothes
It's ghetto F.A.B.O.L.O.U.S
I got street legend, fame
I'm the kid known to put the Colt to a bredren's frame
Like he's Edgerrin James
Y'all stash guns I carry 'em on my waist
Ya part time piece
Aquarium interface
The hood rat Hugh Heff, loungin' on ya in the Rolls
The project Playmates, around the corner centerfolds
I'm constant hated
Listen to the nonsense stated
But niggas can't shit on me like they constipated
I briefly conversated
These doors sittin' on ten times two
Mami what's so complicated?
Ya heard?

[Hook]
[Hot Karl]
Blao! Explosion, game on lock
Hotness, drop this, it's that sick hip hop
It's like blao!
[Fabolous]
I'm a coast to coast G, keep the toaster closely
So duck deez motherfucker
Blao!
[Redman]
Said it before, ready for war
With my sawed off shotgun, hand on the pump, pump
Blao!
[Hot Karl]
Collabo, asshole, you can't talk
Wanna make it gutter I can throw you off the sidewalk

[Verse Two: Hot Karl]
Why you talking shit kid?
You know nothing about me
I'm another bad creation like Michael Bivins found me
You doubt me?
C'mon, all your lyrics are absurd
And stupid like J-Lo spittin' the N-word
Cause as far as gettin' violent
I don't really go there
But test me lyrically and I'll get gangsta outta nowhere
Just point 'em out and I'm down to go get 'em
Cause most rappers says stupider lines than Ralph Wiggum
And continually flow the same style
It's all boring
While I kick shit that's sick like Alonzo Mourning
I'm still not sure why other rappers keep trying it
They're like Michael Jackson new album:
I'm not buying it
Keep denying it
I'm on some Jason Sehorn shit
Some pretty boy shit
So you surprised when you get bit
I don't really care if my records start selling
Matter of fact, I'm sick of rapping
Clue, start yelling

[Hook]
[Hot Karl]
Blao! Explosion, game on lock
Hotness, drop this, it's that sick hip hop
It's like blao!
[Fabolous]
I'm a coast to coast G, keep the toaster closely
So duck deez motherfucker
Blao!
[Redman]
Said it before, ready for war
With my sawed off shotgun, hand on the pump, pump
Blao!
[Hot Karl]
Collabo, asshole, you can't talk
Wanna make it gutter I can throw you off the sidewalk

[Verse Three: Redman]
Yo Doc, pee on your floor
I'mma be on the whore
Till she knocked out, then I take a G out her drawer
I'm a thief, on the streets you might be in the morgue
Doin' a chicken of course, I take a key out a Porsche-ah
Box 'em in claustrophobic
I'm a pro y'all, know this
When sensing y'all controllers
Grown men is talkin'
This the fast lane, move over to the margin
It's over when I walk in
"Doctor" on my license plate
The front of my truck resembles Mike Tyson face
When I pull up to the club, the buildin' shake
Hoes start runnin' out
Niggas start runnin' mouth
I'mma bolt the door and security the area
Got! We molt floors to secure the Dillinger
Yo Doc! You want war, I'll be sure to bury ya
The more the merrier, but your

[Hook]
[Hot Karl]
Blao! Explosion, game on lock
Hotness, drop this, it's that sick hip hop
It's like blao!
[Fabolous]
I'm a coast to coast G, keep the toaster closely
So duck deez motherfucker
Blao!
[Redman]
Said it before, ready for war
With my sawed off shotgun, hand on the pump, pump
Blao!
[Hot Karl]
Collabo, asshole, you can't talk
Wanna make it gutter I can throw you off the sidewalk

Blao! Explosion, game on lock
Hotness, drop this, it's that sick hip hop
It's like blao!
[Fabolous]
I'm a coast to coast G, keep the toaster closely
So duck deez motherfucker
Blao!
[Redman]
Said it before, ready for war
With my sawed off shotgun, hand on the pump, pump
Blao!
[Hot Karl]
Collabo, asshole, you can't talk
Wanna make it gutter I can throw you off the sidewalk(Intro)
All my niggas out there
Let me tell y'all niggas one thing
As we move into this motherfuckin future
Shit is gonna get realer, shit is gonna get realer man
All my niggas out there
Keep your mind on your paper, baby
And watch these motherfuckin' hoes
Cause these hoes is bitches
And niggas is bitches too
And you can't trust 'em
So I ask my niggas...

Yo
Yo, cross-breed, 2-5, Arab seed
My light speed, that's why we all smoke weed
Thug mind be inside of the livest niggas
Art of War was designed by the wisest killas
Wrote the thug book, only the truth get spit
Took my hooks like you wrote that shit
(Foul bitch)
Tell them niggas how
You rock my jewels, rock my clothes
Yo I aim red dot when I spot my foe
Taught you how to spit taught you how to breathe on beats
If it wasn't for me you'd probably be on the street
Fuckin' up packed
Niggas comin at cha wit gat
Same nigga at the show you got watchin ya back
We can shoot out on the roof til we fall on the street
Draw heat and clap til our bodies and the floor meet
Eat your food like animal dog, raw meat
Say my name if you want more beef
...
I don't associate wit niggas who switch
Fake thug like Sammy the Bull, turn snitch
Yo my Glock kick, ready to spit
Foul shit
Puttin' bulletholes all in your clique
Who you wit?

All my niggas live the thug life
I can't fuck wit niggas if they ain't my blood type
If I don't get you with the knife, then the slug might
Before you bring a nigga in, know his bloodtype
All my niggas live the thug life
I can't fuck wit niggas if they ain't my blood type
If I don't get you with the knife, then the slug might
Before you bring a nigga in, know his bloodtype
What's your blood type?

Yo
Yo Allah -hua
Blaze y'all with nine ruger
?Capital?, stay tuned, I'll be back soon
Mahdi, 2-5-to Munafiqun
When the grass low, all them snakes'll show
Like them niggas in your team that's starvin' the blow
Like a sweet thug on OZ, HBO
Fuckin' wit any clique that's ready to blow
Hot night, catch you backstage, stop the show
Tie you up in the back of the row
They know
Tie you up in the back of the row
And you know
Yo, father rule
Blood in, Piru
I represent 2-5-to, with God-You
Time zone, born alone, die alone
Yo I blaze any nigga wit chrome in my zone
Be the blind justice
Automatic gat never trust it
Only revolvers, climax when I bus' it
A-alike mean one and the same
True hustlers - WHAT? - we understandin' the game
2-5 be my set so what set you claim
My niggas bleed through similar veins
We like blood type one and the same
We like blood type one and the same

All my niggas live the thug life
I can't fuck wit niggas if they ain't my blood type
If I don't get you wit the knife then the slug might
Before you bring a nigga in know his blood type
All my niggas live the thug life
I can't fuck wit niggas if they ain't my blood type
If I don't get you wit the knife then the slug might
Before you bring a nigga in know his blood type
What's your blood type?

Yo a-alike, that mean true to the game
West coast thugs, my niggas like one and the same
Just like east coast, yo we one and the same
Niggas bleed through similar vein
We like blood type, one and the same
We like blood type, one and the same
Tell them niggas who the father to your style is
Yo you started off winnin' the race, but lost mileage
Formula's crime science
Bow down to something far greater
Mahdi, royally your highness
Queen's finest
Buck your all-star lineup
My Artie Clay tear your spine up
Get my shine up
Artie Clay tear your spine up
And get my shine up
Yo, yo, death before dishonor
Y'all niggas smoke too much marijuana
Thinkin' you could be me, take my persona...(trails off)Yo man what
Yo y'all niggas know
Yo you know all that bullshit man
Yeah, some niggas don't even
These niggas man
What's the matter wid these niggas man?
Nah man I'm puttin this shit up
Fuck dat man
Ya'll niggas want me to be a crook again
I know how to do that man don't even play wid
Me like that, Yo

Verse 1:

We spit rap and fire brown paper bag
Gat rap go whack and float acrooss the map
Floss that anything yell endorse that
Electric company money honey Gin Romie wrap
'em like a mummy his style bummy
Puffy Johnson Charles Bronson mix fly
Deuce flicks new and improved clicks Wu-kit
Blood on the barrel of a desert out in the desert
No shade'll live in my square blow the present Clue
Red meat Shallah want adapt to collect acting like you
Iller on some serial killer you wack duke shirt off
React like I'm bagging up stabbing up what collect
A brick pop shit in the six trunk

Nah nah man, Nah man you wanna have that shit again
Why you ain't taking this shit to be something that
It really is man?
This you life man
Shoalin and desert storm
This mic man he he acting stupid on me man
What What What

Verse 2:

Yo, Aiyyo, yo
Moseyin thousand dollar uniform you want
Celine Dion chickenheads yo straight out of Houston
Big ballers wall to wall brawlers die for us
Lie for us, snatch white man money cry for us
Creepin' through the halls on a keyboard
Friendly blessed dress and all Fendi
Voice rock don't offend me intimidation make
Me blow for the station rep for one nation
Ghetto bust like revelation, analyse
Losin' two wives livin' two lives
Crew rise American Cream new guys
Two hundred pies get rich and plan sweet
Rappin' like mines you writing like mines they lines
Grab my dick stay in line we come to whip nines
Hold lot of carrying time and teaching crackers how
To shine, oh yeah one thing recognise fucking
Wit the young keep 'em organised rest in peace
Donny my soul cries, What

I dunn hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it
Natural light up, light up, that's my word
This is this is for Clue right here dunn

Verse 3:

I'm third rail though half seal and I blow
Robert Deniro dough gundelero let the steel blow
Here me yo wild Trump style dunns connect
Three hundred ones while floating like a
?macual chest bloaw? most craziest laziest
All I seeing blazes majorness mechanic wreckor
On a beige disc payin whether level bank rolls freakin'
Plain clothes Lex big six arrange those snotty nose
Pose dark skinned hoes crazy ill fly jersey exposed
Neck rolls fuck your set flash let those stare the
Lex nose watching vet po posing wit the most fly
Livest gortex made in Mexico, Brancs fifteen five
Celine Dion ties two thousand nine bubble eye shit

*talking by Raekwon and DJ Clue*

Clue Killuminati
John Gotti story right here fella
Huh, Yeah, Word up[Intro]
OOOWWW~! Young Moolah baby
Happy music, happy people
Happy people
Everything is alright
Everything is alright

[Hook]
Pop a bottle and celebrate
We made it to a new day
Pop a bottle and celebrate
We done made it to a new day
Oh I take a hit and just elevate
Cause today will be a good day
I got my mind right, money right, ready for war
Workin' hard today for a better tomorrow

[Verse 1: Talib Kweli]
Hey! - blow the horns on 'em
The sun is out, it's a brand new day and it just dawned on 'em
The smoke in here got 'em floating just like in salt water
And break is fast, we gotta cook it just like a short order
Dont feed dem hens when the birds covered in cheetah print
A jungle out there and the jail is the zoo that keep us in
Players in gators is crazy, we feel the need to rock 'em
Furs coming in all different colors like PETA got 'em
Killing yourself for a salary
Look ya line flatter than stomachs of the women that's running, watching them calories
Hope that we linking, we smoking and drinking casually
Cause life without living ain't nothing but a fallacy

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Say, who's that peekin' in my window?
Is that sunshine? Is that one time?
Let that sun shine through my living room
Hospitality is what I'm giving you
Harsh reality is what I've been through
But I'm not alone, ask her and him too
And they shall tell ya, ain't nothin' better
Than the smell of a new day
I know the ocean runs dry and the sky gets dark
And ya don't see what He's trying to show ya
And I know the wall may seem tall
But if we help each other I guarantee we get over
And once I'm over, I'll reach back for my brother
And pull him over as well
Keep our heads high and our noses wide open
Hopin' for that new day smell
Love live life

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Mack Maine]
Yea homie, I been waiting since I was 16
To tell 'em what I'm 'bout to tell 'em
So I need more than a 16
See I'm the only son of Mary and Joe
So I gotta fulfill my purpose 'fore I'm buried, ya know
My momma say she having visions of me being a missionary
And the hood looking at me as a walking visionary
So I sit back and wonder will I ever have my time to shine
And die like Pac in his prime
Or will I go out like Len Bias and OD before the tryouts
No tell the reaper no buyout
I'm good, I pray for a head to protect ya
And I gotta walk the streets with the heat as my protection
Still gotta watch my back, still watch my front home
Cause I seen a lot of niggas die with they gun on
So with that in mind, I just get higher
And pray to the higher Messiah, I'm no liar
And they say that puffing the fire fucks with your memory
But I got a lot of stuff that I don't wan' remember see
Like when my homie ivin died
I like how I never seen a man cry 'til I seen Lance died
Never seen my pops cry 'til I seen my Grams died
And I'm here to tell him that I miss my Grams too
And I wish I could hug her for mothers day too
And I feel the same way that you do
But we gotta still move on so she can just smile down on us
And I don't want the Lord to ever frown down on us
I know that they really got power in a gun
But I also know that they got power in a tongue
So every time I speak, look I try to speak life
Y'all tweaking for broads, I tweak life
They said I was s'posed to die as a fetus
My momma said I bind that Devil in the name of Jesus
So now I'm here just to talk to y'all
Come and stroll with me homie, let me walk wit' y'all
Ten million ways to die so I chose
To get my life right by the end of the road
'Fore my body in a casket and I'm stiff and froze
'Fore I'm laying in a morgue with a tag on my toes
I'm here to tell you take heed to the warnings
School shootings, hurricanes, and global warming
Open ya Bibles up with no hesitation
BC was the Genesis, this is Revelations
So you better pick your destination
Tomorrow ain't promised, better pick your destination
Rest in peace B Spencer, rest in peace Pimp C
Shit could be worse so I'm feeling like Weezy
I wake up in the morning, take a piss, and wash my hands
Take a knee and thank the Man and leave my life in God's hands, yea!

[Hook][Kurupt] Daz Dillinger
[Jay-Z] Talk to 'em
[Kurupt] Kurupt young Gotti
[Jay-Z] Talk to 'em
[Kurupt] Big Jigga nigga, what?

[Kurupt *sung*]
Psycho, like no, bitch-ass nigga so
When you see the D-O double G sneak creep low

[Jay-Z]
In the memory of the Notoroious B.I.G., 2Pac Shakur

[Kurupt *sung*]
Psycho, like no, bitch-ass nigga so
When you see the R-O-to-the-C sneak creep low

[Jay-Z]
Young Hova in the house, world wide hustler
R-O-C, D-P-G motherfuckers..

.. hold up love
You know Jigga Man resumé, blow up drugs
Blast round, full pound, no mask or gloves
Face down on the gravel, have gun will travel
Out the blue steel barrel get ya crew killed
Perro ass niggas can't touch I, muh'fucker what's my -
- name, Young Hov', gun blow like AC
R-O-C (With the D-P-G nigga!!)

[Daz]
Hold up (hah) wait a minute and
All my thugs get (get what?) gangsta with it

Gotti Jigga and Daz Dillinger, killin ya with the pound
With Roc La Familia {*y'all niggas ain't feelin us*}

[Kurupt]
Deep in and out, out gold Daytonas
D cut through with 2-way Motorolas
Nigga the Dynasty and the Pentagon MOTHERFUCKER
Hollow tip, stainless teflon MOTHERFUCKER
Jigga trigger, cock-a-poppa, nigga chest rocka
With the chrome chopper, Glock'll pop a nigga so quick
Saddam Niastra, y'all done stepped in the mud
And about to feel ery'thing from the flat foot
Calicos collective, have you ever seen a
Four so clean like a brand new nina
My nigga Daz (Sigel Sigel)
Jigga, Memph, in bad-ass Impalas
Butt naked bitches and pop collars
The popular scholar, this is the beginnin
With the hollow tips soarin, chrome wheels spinnin
Never have you ever seen a G like me
Rollin with the Roc, straight D-P-G

[Hook]
Don't change the game for these hoes
Who plays the game like we supposed

[Jay] That nigga Daz in the house
[Daz] D-P-G-C fo' L-I-F-E, Roc D-O-double-G

Don't change the game for these hoes
Who plays the game like we supposed

[Jay] Young Gotti in the house

[Kurupt]
Two-shotty, quick to catch a body
So put a dick in ya mouth, ya bitch

Don't change the game for these hoes
Who plays the game like we supposed

[Jay-Z]
Young Hova in the house, world wide hustler
R-O-C, D-P-G motherfuckers..

B-I-G still talkin through the voice of I
For 2Pac they yellin ra-da-da-da-da-da
Not a Blood or a Crip but I put drugs on the strip
Put dubs on the whip, got bigger guns
Than the fuzz on my hip, cock back let it rip
Won't stop that 'til the whole clip's gone
(click..) CLICK! Okay, let's not forget
Cause you got a vest on all I'm aimin is teflon

[Jay-Z and Kurupt]
I'm psycho, like no, other motherfucker
And this rifle, right for your head motherfucker

[Jay] Young Hova in da house
[Daz] Everybody get down
Roc-A-Fella, Dogg Pound, nigga tell me how that sound

[Daz Dillinger]
Cha-pow, layin all you wack niggas down
Blowed out chromed out, swervin through ya town
What up? Jigga Man, my nigga Kurupt
Laid back actin a nut, waitin to 'rupt
No remorse as we bust, let you feel the dust
Dogg Pound, Roc-A-Fella straight fuckin it up
Let it be known; Daz Dillinger, rough to the bone
All alone, roam ya neighborhood high (??)
High stylin, profilin, y'all comin after me
In actuality they fake the technicality
Dogg Pound Roc-A-Fella that's my family
On site niggas died for they salary
We the gang and we walk like we talk
And we stalk and we do what we do after dark
Get one shot Dillinger Roc La Familia
{*Now y'all feelin us! Now y'all feelin us!*}

[Hook]
Don't change the game for these hoes
Who plays the game like we supposed

[Jay] Sigel Sigel in the house

[Beanie Sigel]
Uh-huh, sick bastard
Even mo' sicker ya brain get mo' twisted

Sigel, two Desert Eagle hit you niggas up quick
Got 'em diggin ditches up quick
Got you niggas spittin up cause I'm sick
Gettin up slow from hits from the fifth
Let a row go quick from the clip
Shit, sit a nigga down quick when I'm pitchin a bitch
You see light then you takin a trip
Five hours, spill a clip and make the hammer dance
I'll holla, while you holla in the ambulance
STOP ... it's the Roc nigga R-O-C
With the D-O-G on ya block
Fuck the C-O-P's, let me see those trees
No stems, no sticks, no seeds, just breathe

[Memphis Bleek]
Relax bitch, don't act bitch, we don't stop
It's the R-O-C, geah who forgot
You never thought Bleek walk on a track before
Hit a switch in a black 6-4 before
Down on Sunset I run sets, I does that
Niggas look at me and be like damn I was that
I'm "The Understanding" with my peeps, fuck foes
Got a house in the back with a Benz and dough
Get cha mind right nigga 'fore you mention me
Your click ain't too thorough to mention we
Don't matter who we collab' with, nigga it's a classic
Dogg Pound linked with the Roc could cause traffic
Who want rump, get it crunk with me
I'm Bleek, you a got a gun wanna dump with me?
You catch Bleek in B.K. (or) down in L.A
With my W and E up nigga, who want play?

[Kurupt *sung*]
Psycho, like no, bitch-ass nigga so
When you see the R-O-to-the-C sneak creep low

[Jay-Z]
I will not, lose[D.J Clue + Fabolous]
D.J Clue, Desert Storm
You know how we do things
(uh)Right now (uh), whachu bout to hear (uh, yea)
Whachu bout to witness
[Fab] F A B O L O U S
[Clue](O L O U S!)
[Clue]Come on, my man Fabolous (uh, yea, uh)
The album, Ghetto Fabolous (come on, uh, yo)
Come on man!!

[Fabolous]
My gun go click and spark
Don't leave witnesses to point me out on 106 and Park
Son those slick remarks, gon' get you
Bla-bla da da,bla-bla da da da da (blaow!)
Y'all walk through my p's in karats
Wind up hook on machines, livin' like peas and carrots
Ya team wanna beef, thats when I screw the muzzle on the tip
And strap the beam underneath
When I ride through, ya dont see no lid
I put snipers on the roof like Nino did
All it takes is some c-note slid
To have you on the news askin if anyone seen yo' kid
I dont scream it in a rough tone
I got spots in the whip to stuff crome, that would of help Puff Combs
Every hustler on this planet ask
Givin' away twenties so big, they in sandwhich bags, nigga

Uh, yea
F A B, O L O U S
Yea, fo real, uh, yo, uh

[Verse 2]
These niggas gots to be punched
Act stupid, get shells in ya stomache, like you ate pasta for lunch
If I let this diablo door raise
I'mma have the front of ya crib lookin like Diallos doorway
See I know all yays, we buy ours pure-yay
We waitin on boats, these guys go Broadway
Ya gon make me tie a bomb under ya Benz
See how much you talk wit firearms under ya chin
No you can't take the coupe wit dishes
Cause when I hit the highway, it always makes the troop suspicious
Please, I get my dollar from the hersey
I'm on that fly gangsta shit, I pop the collar on my jersey
You know I got the heat the way the Vanson is bendin
Same laid back flow, no dancin' or grinin'
Who else can it be spellin it at them
You have them tappin they friend like "I'm tellin you that's him", stupid[DJ Clue] New Beanie Sigel! Freeway!
[Beanie] Don't get scurred
[DJ Clue] Fat shout, Beat Street

[Hook 1: Beanie]
1, 2 - Sigel comin for you
3, 4 - I'm bout to kick in your door
5, 6 - Man I want those bricks
7, 8 - You gon' give up dat weight
9, 10 - I'll put the Glock to ya chin
11, 12 - Man I'll see you in hell

[Verse 1: Beanie]
I handle tools like hammers and ratchets
Gats wit metal attachments, how you want it metal or plastic
Disrespect your fam bastard, close your casket
Then I give 'em a can of hold your ashes
Visions of the killer for we rose a passin
True killer, true thug, never show no passion
Hit your rug, hit your ceiling, if I know if you stashin
Wrong, nigga the rug, nigga know who you passin
Fresh year from rammin off the zany's fours and perks
Keep the semi handy jammin you for war or work
Niggas like the border goin bizurk
On the roof bangin dat swat, lettin off shots and spurts
Dey tryin to trap me in the back of the yard
Man I'm lettin every cat fall hittin from the cap to the sarge
Can't see me back in the yard, two wacks back to the wall
Use the two gat stash pack in the wall
Picture Mac liftin up racks in the yard
I had a block shiftin up knocking off racks by the yard
The dope from dem dudes, smokeless confused, shit
They ain't know if they want a crack or the saw
Switch they life, straight from the pipe to the straw
Coke in they vein, what you want the dope or the cane
I open the game, to sniffin the D, X to the Z
Hot shit from B-Sig consecutively

[Hook 2: Freeway]
1, 2 - Freeway's comin for yo' ass
3, 4 - You better watch yo' stash
5, 6 - Have you duckin from dem clips
7, 8 - Fuck it I can't wait

[Verse 2: Freeway]
Y'all niggas crazy think Free won't draw the lev'
Prefer the nine but I got the four four instead
I move dymes who your dyme get your whore in bed
Tell that triflin bitch I want more than head
Free might spark at ya clip take more than bread
Guns and bricks while young bulls hug the block
Dey love the strip, help 'em get chains and watches
Guns and kicks, Freeway my name is priceless, flow is sick
And remember if you lie on Free
Lie in the lake, while your bitch lies on Free
She ride on the snake and my whip over her key
We ride in the jakes, empty clips hop on Amtrak
Out of the state, broody shit, you and yo man, right outta ya case
Hold dis clip blow your brain right outta ya face
Flow legendary, hotter than Mase
Dude Free never where we outta the case
Roc-A-Fella pop criss til we outta the case
Form the hood nigga Nikes, Delts, and 'Lo Sport
Hood niggas just like me, belted and blow court
Hood chickens just bite me well and blow squad
I was 16, 12,000 wit no job
And I skipped school, gripped a bitch wit no ride
See the crack smoked leave bitch wit no thighs, no tits
Rob hustlers wit no clips, no guns, left niggas wit no chips
And the flow runs like the Mississippi River
And your ho comes, ya bitch hear me when I whisper
Silence all guns hit 'em fo-fo-fo-fo-for dey hit ya
If we comin for you than nigga we gonna get ya

[Hook 1]

[Hook 2][Intro: DJ Clue (Raekwon)]
Word up, word up
New shit.. Raekwon.. Ghostface
(Eh-yo, eh-yo, eh-yo..)
CREAM.. 2001
(Who you? Who you?)
Fetch out.. my nigga RZA
(Yea.. yea.. yea..)
WHAAAAAAAT?

[Raekwon]
That's right..
My nigga Clueminatti fuckin wit the intro, to murder somebody
We cheque-cash niggas wit four fingers on 'em
Callin the Lord, "Help me!", that's us
Thrustin through ya hood wit the dust (HOOOOO!)
Lord have mercy, niggas look thirsty, yo
End the swine, meet the inventor, plus the winter
It's mine, gasoline jump, just spiked gloves, nines
Watch my wave push, one chain faded out
Racin to Spain, half a million dollars in Boyd
Willy Aims, slap bop top of ya Glocks, plus black Reebox
Rockin real nigga shit, callin me Pops
Golden pro', kitchen designer shit
Chinchilla blankets, H. Winston anklets on
Drug dealer banquets, hands out, fire when we spit (Haha)
The position is lit, drop fifty out a blimp
Roast ya ornaments, Super Bowl ring on each finger
Gettin fly, might linger, those of you ride
So let the lye sprinkle yo

[Hook 2X: Raekwon (Ghostface Killah)]
Yo we put together like CREAM
Matter of fact like a Jamaican team
Sprangler stats, hatin like Mitch Green
Off the wall auction that dumb out
(We organize exortions)
Burn niggas labels down, frostin 'em

[Ghostface Killah]
Eh-yo, how you like two Ac's?
Max in the trunk, lookin real dumb
Eighty-eight paper and our nose is numb
Prayed over Marvin Gaye's grave
He said Ghost, "Pop merked me at an early age
Hit Diana back in the days"
Them Supreme bitches all on my dick
Loved the way I sung the Cherells
"Mercy, mercy, son", made 'em cum
I wrote songs for the people
Verses that'll make Nixon resign
You can do the same thing with rhymes
"I swear Ghost is doobie, just imagine"
Check out what I started
Who's the first to rock 'fros with out a part in it?
Featherhats partin it, Gladys was the baddest, she wore a six
Pretty-ass foot with an arch in it
Big cars, slammin eight-tracks, slammin tracks
King died in sixty-five, Motown cried
Saw a tear drop from Stevie's eyes
Fogged out glasses
The plan was to bring together all the masses

[Hook 2X]

[Break: DJ Clue *during Hook*]
DJ Clue.. Desert Storm
Fetch out.. Rip Right
Loud Records, Steve Rifkin, Epic
CLUE!

[Raekwon]
Money Mohammed Ali niggas who keep clean sneakers on
Beef and take niggas eats, streets brought all my features
Temped to clog bed rallies, imagine only seventeen wildin
Who spent thousand on 'em Ballies?
Now I'm just lampin, just stylin out in Cali
Actin like raw is the mission, mission is to slap 'em
Bang jars, movin in psalms, manipulatin my accountant
Relaxin like.. blacks get jobs
Slangin in bangles y'all, chillin from all angles
Don rock more thank you's, gettin my shit washed
Elevator music, Rolex doors with thirty-seven whores
Countin the paper, takin y'all to walls

[Hook 2X]

[Outro: DJ Clue]
DJ Clue.. Desert Storm
The Professional, Pt. 2
Stupid! Fetch out.. Dame Dash
My nigga Jigga, Big Harper
You know how we do things, word up[Muggs (Paul Cane)]
Dont get nuthin confused about me, this nigga hea throw clips
You think you could hold three, nigga hea go six
I bring +Heat+ like Deniro flix, my team lock and load
And rock and roll like Aerosmith
Fuck cops I got Cochran Shapiro chips
One point five in ice in each earlobe shit
Fuck who you and your man go get
Me and cat take +Pussy's+ on boat rides on some Soprano shit
Move wit troops in cougar coupes
Like beeno and notes for a G a piece, they'll remove your roof
Ya better spread when the ruger shoot
Paul Cane got fire, everything ya heard on Clue was the truth
It's like who want what what ever
Tou and your man play tough ya gon get plucked together
At gun point gettin stuck together
Black Benz tinted out, buggy headlights stuck together

[Chorus 2X: Lady Luck + Muggs (Paul Cane)]
We ain't jokin no more (This ain't a game to us)
Got a lot of hungry niggas that came wit us (We dangerous)
Cock back aim and bust
(Lady Luck, Paul Cane, who could bang wit us)

[Lady Luck]
They said I rap like a man, and act like a man
So when it come to war she gon clap like a man
Short arrogant wit this gat up in my hand
Chicks dont play cute I'm still attractin your man
Rock many lands, Japan to Philly sands
Luck stay ghetto like Rican dolla bands
Only thing I take serious is garments and money
And late periods [there she is]
Screamin in a 2 by 2, too fly 2 seater
Too much ice, too cold, 2 heaters
Love men but got lesbian guns
That love to lick off at you pussies for fun
So play dumb in these dum dups
Hit you where you pump cum
Stick you for your lump sums
We the ones you run from
Till the day my lungs done for blocks
I hit hard like Ronnie Lotts
Lady Luck got it locked

[Chorus]

[Muggs (Paul Cane)]
Ya talkin greasy like Paul ain't a nigga wit fire
Like I ain't got guns or killers for hire
Got wolves that'll run through mask and arms
Like point break clear the safe out and smash your moms
Over 40 years old still blastin chrome
Smiles never cross they face till there's cash in palm
Cause they still do murders for bucks
Gave em put hollow points through you then pass the burner to Luck
We like a 2 G Bonnie and Clyde, back to back in beef
Wit two heats a piece, mami gon' ryde
Spit four, she behind me wit five
Y'know Paul Cane and Lady Luck MO catch homo's and slide
Before we drop the guns
Wipe off the prints push the pedal through the floor
And get away back to the bricks, ya don't want nothin wit us
Paul Cane, Street Life, Desert Storm, we dangerous

[Chorus][The Game Talking:]

Aye yo Clue you got a pen?
Naw let me, let me use it holmes
I might make a mistake
Just gonna write me a letter to the President
Remember how Ice Cube did?
With the Death Certificate

[Verse 1:]

Dear Mr. President
I wrote you a letter
Everybody askin' about Hot 97
If I squash the beef
Thats my business man
My nigga got shot
And he didn't take the wittness stand
I got kicked out of G-Unit
No hard feelin's
And the Aftermath
Is me and Dre still chillin'
Had a press conference
No more killin'
Guilty conscience
Donated a half a million
And Al Sharpton said hip-hop was over
The bigger the stunt
The more albums get sold
But 3 hollow tip's left my nigga in the cold
In front of the radio station
Bleedin' in the cold
Meanwhile the gun man
Runnin' for the backdoor
I ain't see his face
Ask Sha-Money he know
I ain't got beef with Banks, Buck, and Tony Yayo
But they still airing you out on mixtapes
So?

[Hook:]

I got love for them
But I got hate for them
Should I let it slide?
Or sit outside and wait for them?
If I use the Glock 9 OR .38 for them
You gonna need a black suit and a wake for them

I got love for them
But I got hate for them
I don't know if I should lay 'em down
Or pray for 'em
Tell them nigga's if they ain't got cake for 'em
Then stop callin' Aftermath and Dre for 'em

[Verse 2:]

Nigga's sayin' Game you don't need no clique
You got the hood ridin' with you
Man fuck 50 cent
Soon as I turn my back they talkin' shit about me
Who wanna see 2 more rappers deceased?
Okay 50 got a gun
Game got a gun
He shoot me
I shoot him
And the media have fun
My music's still alive
Yeah I'm fresh like "uh"
New York and California carry our caskets through the slums
And any real nigga know if you gotta son
Shots pop off and you ain't got one you run
Homey thats real shit
Somethin' to deal with
I spent a 140 thousand and bulletproofed my wip
Cause nigga's hate to see you do some positive shit
First me and 50
T.I. and Lil' Flip

*Clue edited this part*

...Documentary dropped
And I can't take a piss without the hiphop cops

[Hook:]

I got love for them
But I got hate for them
Should I let it slide?
Or sit outside and wait for them?
If I use the Glock 9 OR .38 for them
You gonna need a black suit and a wake for them

I got love for them
But I got hate for them
I don't know if I should lay 'em down
Or pray for 'em
Tell them nigga's if they ain't got cake for 'em
Then stop callin' Aftermath and Dre for 'em

[Verse 3:]

This is just a letter to keep the piece
Just to inform you on what happened in D.C
Me and Zooloo was cool
We was just chillin
How I get sued for 285 million?
I was upstairs doing a show for him
He went to the bathroom and somebody broke his ribs
I swear before God
I don't know who did it
So they can take they lawsuit and wipe they ass with it
Thats just the facts
I ain't touched that cat
I'm a good nigga
You can ask dre and busta that
Niggas will do anything just for the cake
Like Bobby Brown got me watchin' every step I take
Give a hug to tight that bitch gonna yell rape
Thats why I ain't had no pussy since my change of heart date
Dear Mr. President when do this shit stop?
P.S. I ain't ready to die for hip hop

[Hook:]

I got love for them
But I got hate for them
Should I let it slide?
Or sit outside and wait for them?
If I use the Glock 9 OR .38 for them
You gonna need a black suit and a wake for them

I got love for them
But I got hate for them
I don't know if I should lay 'em down
Or pray for 'em
Tell them nigga's if they ain't got cake for 'em
Then stop callin' Aftermath and Dre for 'em

[Game Talking:]

I just had to get some stuff off my chest...
I'm 4 times platinum
Hurricane
DJ Clue!
The Professional!
It's my turn again
Yeah, BiPolar niggaYo this Nas niggas whuttup?
QB Album coming, niggas I'll Will, Bravehearts
My nigga DJ Clue - put this shit on these niggas
Desert Storm baby 2000!

A Drug dealers dream - flip his last Ki out the game
Cause entertainment money now is off the chain
I put blunts in niggas caskets, lost in the game
I learned about pain, bodies burnt in drug game
But I'm neva gon' die, I neva heard of death
Energy could neva be destroyed
Only the flesh, when you niggas try to murder me
With bullets to my head
This is my you can't kill me niggas
I'm already dead, BRING IT!
I'm busting bodies fall in the cemetery
Black blood raining on the street
All you niggas, buried y'all
Niggas just came home, fresh out the state greens
Five time felon, thinking he jelling in Queens
It's pitiful - what bid could do, especially federal
Y'all young thugs wilding, see prison
Got a bed for you waiting, I clapped that Satan
But thought I was dreaming
I woke up masturbating in the bed with demons
I cried with every bit of strength of my small body
This is the life I chose, under God I'm tiny
Hard to find me, I popped up, lock shot-up
You can't B.I., see I'm eternal, not luck
You get shot-up, boxed-up next for the grave
Your flow is one dimensional, your level is 2nd grade
You're on top - WHAT?
Copy and fuck, I said it first, you repeated
Your false crown covered in dirt - defeated
Y'all niggas all hail, the King is dead
He running like a bitch with his tail between his legs
'Stillmatic', still eye 4 an eye, wanna be God
You're just the next rapper to die, fucking with Nas{*sound of a camera taking a picture*}

[Jay] Millenium flow
[MTV] Serena Altschul's here live outside the criminal courthouse
[Jay] This is {bullshit} y'all
[MTV] in New York City for the first day in the trial of
[Jay] I'm gone {*car speeds off*}
[MTV] the State vs. Shawn Carter, a.k.a. Jay-Z
[Jay] Uhh, uh-huh-uh, uhh, uh-huh-uh, uhh
[MTV] Whatever the verdict in this trial may be
The effects will undoubtedly be felt worldwide

[Jay-Z]
Aiyyo, stand forward, 'fore you take notice
Or witness to me killin the track
Testify 'til me spillin the smack
Now they got me for traffickin, racketeerin, audio crack

{Hook:} They call me Dope Man, Dope Man
I try to tell em I'm where hope, floats man
Ghetto spokes-man

[Verse: 1]
A broke man, approachin the bench with intent
To bury me under the cell, fingered me as the toast man
Evidence stemmin from ninety-six
They say the world ain't recovered from his fix
While they was usin cut I was on some other shit
Gave it to you raw and they just discovered it
Nowaday, the jury got they brow raised
Listenin to testimony about my foul ways
Exhibit A: "Reasonable Doubt"
They say this was the first thing that turned the peoples out

[MTV] You can feel the tension building here
As an unprecedented number of people have turned out
For what may be the "Trial of the Century"

{Hook}

[Verse: 2]
How come, you label your brand of dope
"Volume 1" and spread it through the slums?
Fed it to the young with total disregard
Your honor, the State seeks the maximum charge
And how could you, turn right around
And release a lethal dosage called "Volume 2"
And is true you operate the criminal enterprise
Known as Roc-a-Fella in charge of his meteoric rise?
And do you deny you're responsible for the demise
Of record execs, and do you object?
Your distribution's Polygram, and through your connects
Def Jam, you pushed over five million SoundScan
And not to mention, your co-horts and henchmen
Dame, Biggs, Lyor, Kev' and Russell Simmons
And we ain't gon' talk about Murder, Inc
That just establishes a darker deeper criminal link

[MTV] The State is seeking the maximum penalty
And with the overwhelming amount of evidence
The D.A.'s presented, things aren't looking good

{Hook}

[MTV] Despite the grim outlook at this point
The rapper has been known to emerge triumphant
In the face of adversity

{Hook}

[MTV] Jay-Z is taking the stand

[Verse: 3]
Right hand on the Bible, left hand in the air
Before I spoke one word, made sure my throat was clear
A-hem, I'm a prisoner of circumstance
Frail nigga, I couldn't much work with my hands
But my mind was strong, I grew where you hold your blacks up
Trap us, expect us not to pick gats up
Where you drop your cracks off by the Mack trucks
Destroy our dreams of lawyers and actors
Keep us spiralin, goin backwards
At age nine, saw my first hate crime
Blindfolded, expected to walk a straight line
Mind molded, taught to love you and hate mine
Climbed over it, at a early age, Jay shined
Fuck the system at Lady Justice I blaze nine
Your Honor, I no longer kill my people, I raise mine
The soul of Mumia in this modern day time

[MTV] While the jury is inside deliberating
Outside the crowd is frozen with anticipation

{Hook}

[MTV] Well the verdict has just been announced: NOT GUILTY!
It is complete pandemonium out here! {Hook; Serena keeps speaking}
People are cheering and hugging - there he is
Jay-Z is exiting the courtroom right now
There is a swarm of cameras surrounding him {*pop bulbs flashing*}
And people are just rushing up to him
Let's try and make our way over there, Jay-Z! Jay-Z!
{*sounds of cameras keep flashing*, *music fades*}Verse One:
Ay yo, my family, half black and half godbody
Half blood and half leppa?
So nigga weppa?
It don't matter whatever you is
I sneeze in your food (achoo), show you I'm rude
I'm half Puerto Rock, what, Puerto Rican my pops
My moms black, most people call me a mutt
Yo, they always said my first words was what what
And it stuck with me, like my fingers stay sticky
Shifty, lowdown, greedy, and rissy
Take a shit on y'all, then I spit on y'all
Niggas gas like a fuck, while in my car
Rock the low sport, always show Latino support
My niggas travel from Miami to Cali, Cali to Miami
And even come home the whole winter
Shit is cold in New York, God
Kid, it snow hard
I rather be out of state call me Chico DeBarge
On some other shit
Nice and Slow like the Usher shit
You make me wanna uh-huh, just smother shit
PYP, nigga, play your part
Or you can LFS, yo leave from start

Chorus:

Esta Loca (Loca), Dame chocha (chocha)
Esta Loca (Loca), Dame chocha (chocha)
Esta Loca (Loca), Dame chocha (chocha)
[Woman] Damelo Papi por favor

Verse Two:

Special guest appearance
My name hardly gets clearance
Only family will have no interference
Or intersection, it's like a Thugged Out connection
From in-state to out of state, we still eat great
And you know I like to get drunk, roll that skunk
And I travel and pump, while y'all just punk
In your own hood, hoping you blow, knock on wood
You do what I thought, why do what you should
I got a chick everywhere, while y'all fuck local
Bitch I bumped years ago, got her throat vocal
I ain't mad though, a nigga like me get mad dough
When I stick with my fam, yo, you know how that go
Rock Armani X, with the Gautier specs
Lighten up, get back, with my chick in my Lex
Yo, that's the issue
I'm on the beats now, official
Playing volleyball, instead of playing with a pistol
I like money, money makes a nigga feel ill
I ain't had to sell crack, since I had my deal
And that's some real shit, a nigga just keeping it real
That's some real shit, a nigga just keeping it real

Chorus:

Esta Loca (Loca), Da me chocha (chocha)
Esta Loca (Loca), Da me chocha (chocha)
Esta Loca (Loca), Da me chocha (chocha)

Closing:

Now you can get with this, or you can get with that
You can get with this, or you can get with that
You can get with this, or you can get with that
I say you get with this, cause this is Iraq, Iraq motherfuckers[DJ Clue]
New shit, Nature
(Yo, yo Nate, you gon do this for Queens,this one here for Queens yanawmean?)
(Yo Nature gon rip this down, for Clueminatti and the whole Queens)
It's the, DJ CLUE
(We gon spit this one for the 1999)

[Nature]
Aiyyo, I got a bitch buy me 'dro, a bitch buy me clothes
A bitch that can't cook, stay burnin Sloppy Joe's
Olive Oyl legs, even them stocky hoes
Bitches that I used to beep, but forget they codes
They stay frontin, no kissin, strictly face fuckin
I get em drunk in my room, and keep Mase bumpin
The one wit Total, your friends might have told you
I violate menage's, pimp game be bi-coastal
Officialize one's high fold you, run and tell em next
Cuz only some become gremlettes
I never spend for sex, strictly rainy days
Strictly wit the fat ass, backshots made me spray
Like the shotty pump, they tried to tie me up
And want to spend the night, every time we fuck
Get our snooze on, cum stains in a futon
It ain't a game, still you run when the food's gone
Now who's wrong

[Hook]
When I spit, you spit, hot shh, new shh
Exclusive, Nature, Clue shh
When you spit, I spit, new shh, hot shh
Exclusive, Jungle, watch this
When I spit, you spit, hot shh (DJ Clue), new shh
(The Professional), exclusive, Nature, Clue shh
When you spit, I spit, new shh, hot shh
Exclusive (STUPID!!), Jungle watch this

[Nature]
Got a fiend that owes me ten, a fiend that owes a buck
Got a decent job, pay they debts slow as fuck
Catch em in the street, ?mo fit? up, say "come on you bitch"
It's only money I'm involved wit
Calculations, foreclose homes out in Vegas
I run wit TM, meanin bitches pay us, it's outrageous
CLK's, rims ill, tinted up, pullin bitches wit bird shit on the windshield
Hoppin out, niggas front, we knock em out
Like a smooth boxer, writin new hot shh
Generatin paper like Lou Gossett
Makin moves while your crew gossip
Read about us, raw shh, our feats'll doubt us
Niggas talk shh, a team of cowards
Need to stop frontin when there's nuttin to do
Nuttin new, niggas is comin for you
Yeah, it's 1998, Nature somethin for Clue

Chorus 2x *with Clue shoutouts*

[DJ Clue]
You know how we do it, Queens style
Every trip, haha[DJ Clue: with echo effect]
Fantastic Four: Cam'ron, Pun, Nore, Canibus

[Cam'Ron]
You never hear that we buckle; beef? We chuckle
Scuffle over a game of pinochle
Anything I put my money in, gotta see double
Unless y'all wanna see trouble
You realer now?
I'm the kind to cut a peace of soap, put it on the imbecile
Tell you it's crack, then hand a vial ?
Girls grope then I smile
That's when they fall cause they lick my balls
Right after I play ball
No wash-up, no nothin'. Hear what I say y'all?
O.K. y'all. Ask AJ y'all
I'll turn the baddest bitch gay y'all
Like Stacy Dash, she was eatin' Tracy ass
At this other lady's pad
To get it on I had to call up Desert Storm
My cut-throats scar y'all, while you hope the Don fall
But I'll come inside The Tunnel, nigga, wit Pope John Paul
Yo, them niggas on the wall frontin', they ain't no harm y'all
My crew'll break each shoulder
I'm that nigga they talk about on Street Soldiers
Cause my street soldiers are heat holders and weed rollers
Keep 2 bones and 2 phones in each Rover
We all relaxed and any beef we over-reactin
Peace is all we asking, but I get buck wild like Corey Jackson
Playin' is called off, cause y'all about to get hauled off
Y'all all soft from smokin Nicholi (/nicks), nigga, like Volkof
Know what I mean yo? Notice the cream grow
I fiend though, I'll come fuck up your whole town like El Nino
I'm the hottest nigga you've seen though
Jumpin outta Lex Coupe
With Jimmy Jones right next to me in the Benz Truck too

[Big Pun]
Fuck all y'all non-believers, I roll wit God, the squad and T.S
Out wit the BS; we platinum, they even doubted Jesus
Niggas is 85%, I'm 400 solid
Brain brolic with knowledge, cock-diesel scholars
Holdin it down, walkin around with gold by the pound
Frozen and drowned with diamond boulders all in the crown
Talk of the town, soakin you down with the toast 'til you drown
Ghost you and pound your corpse with a force that'll open the ground
Save the jokes for the clowns, I'm on a serious tip
You keep playin and I get furious quick
And now I take you for a walk through the ghetto
Either spark your metal or get outlined in chalk by the devil
I rep the borough that mothered this rap shit
I used to clap shit, now I just lay back and mack on some mack shit
I used to have to pack a mack in back of the Ac
Now I relax and stack platinum plaques in my shack
It's like that but don't think I won't counter act
My niggas is strapped and quick to lay a bitch on his back
I'm swift with the mack, quicker than Kung Fu
With the reflexes of a cat and the speed of a mongoose

[Noreaga]
Talk about huh? That's what we talk about thug shit

Now what's a symphony, without me on it, it ain't a symphony
My jewels shit on cats without Tiffany
N-O-R-E, I just lace the heat
I don't complain about the track, give me any beat
I get hed in the whip on any street
I fuck wit Clue, other cats is snakes
I've been fuckin' with Clue since he made 60 minute tapes
We copped mad bottles and crushed many grapes
We from the hood and they from the hood
The difference is we get plaques, they go double wood
Took the game right over at the time they could
Them niggas silly though, knowin' Nore lay pretty low
But them niggas is [ho]mos just like the Maxwell video
I got 2 albums and 2 cars
Now bitches on my dick cause of Chico DeBarge
Thugged Out's 1st lady (let's go half on a baby)
Ya motherfuckers ain't live, don't control the streets
I sold 163 thou on my 1st week
That means I got more fans than you
Bigger plans than you
We buy real coke, your grams is blue
Ayo, the President is like me, he smoke weed too
Don't really like to fuck, he just get head too
Stick a broom in your butt, tell you, "go head boo"
Thugged Out motherfuckers like the rest of the crew
Canibus, Cam'Ron and Punisher too
And the beats usually done by Duro and Clue

[Canibus]
Who the hell wanna battle, the ill mathematical?
My motherfuckin' brain is IBM compatible
Techniques are foreign, far from being boring
My style is hard like Castle without McCormick
I run through your crew like the flu when I bomb it
My styles like AIDS cause don't nobody want it
Niggas frontin' like they hard
But I'm a Street Fighter like Jean Claude
And I'll split your shit, par
Right down the middle
Play you like a fiddle
I got a fetish for titties, I nibble on the nipple
Then trespass on your property like Monopoly
Subdue your crew and beat that ass properly
Welcome to the Desert Storm annual extravaganza
Crew rolls deeper than the Cartwrights on Bonanza
I feed off weed, natural energy sources
Lyrics with more power than the horses they put in Porsches
Can't be tested or F'ed wit, I'm too reckless
I chop off heads just to take the necklace
The type of Canibus (/cannabis) that's side-effectless
The type of shit that get the Question-mark Man arrested
Take evasive action
Flip like reciprocal fractions
Turn the heat up on MCs to watch their meat blacken
You try to get fly, you get electrified and fried
And fuck around and get your mouth slapped dry
You could battle me and possibly survive
But you could never see me or walk away without a black eye
Word up hops, CLUEminat' call the cops
And if the cops ain't tryin' to see me, the cops call SWAT
Scar your whole squad with bullet scars
No holds barred
I'll even hassle the National Guard
Ready or not like the Fugees
Crews be steppin' to me
But I wipe em' all out like booty
I'm so unruly, the police don't say nothin' to me
It don't matter whether they on or off duty
I murder you brutally when I spit at you
My actions are unforgivable
Look at what CLUEminati did to you
The maximum lyrical, nigga you minimal
There's a big hole in the desert, I told the men in blue to dig for you

Motherfucker... CLUEminati ninety-eight

[DJ Clue: with echo effect]
DJ Clue... The Professional