[Bridge: Chris Brown]
Pour a cup for the bitches that ain't scared to get down
Get down, get down
How many times I gotta?
Light another for the bitches who's just only in town
For the weekend, ohh

[Hook: Chris Brown]
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
I'll fuck you right, have you walking from side to side
You know how a nigga feel 'bout wasting time
You know how I feel about waiting in line
You know he ain't it, girl you're wasting your time
You'll only ditch him for a moment in time, take it in stride
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
I'll fuck you right, have you walking from side to side
How many times?

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
How many times I gotta tell your ass to come over?
How many times I gotta tell you I gotta chauffeur?
Think about it, think it over, everything is gon' be kosher
Call me when you getting closer
If you take a taxi, how much I owe ya?
Don't send me no naked pictures
If I can't get naked with ya
This dick deserve recognition
I don't mind paying that commission
Is you with the shit or nah?
If we ain't fucking then bitch, bon voyage
How many times? I said how many times?
Too many times and bitch I ain't got time

[Hook]
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
I'll fuck you right, have you walking from side to side
You know how a nigga feel 'bout wasting time
You know how I feel about waiting in line
You know he ain't it, girl you're wasting your time
You'll only ditch him for a moment in time, take it in stride
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
I'll fuck you right, have you walking from side to side
How many times?

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Okay phone off the hook, yeah that bitch won't stop blinking
I'll pick up for you though on the second ring
You've been drinking and drinking, you're drinking for fun
And you drink for a reason
Yeah leave your boyfriend and call me when you're leaving
Calling shots refereeing, no drama
Pussy so wet I'mma need Dramamine and mattress Aquafining
Boy I light the block up, young Billie Jeaning
I'm dodging the leeches, I'm signing agreements
I'm signing new artists, I sell out arenas
Swimming with the dolphins on the Dan Marino
Wine mixing, this shit like the Catalina
B-I-G, minus Puff and Lil Cease
I'm on my grind, 3 AM text like I need ya
Dream about the pussy, fuck it I'm a dreamer
Hold me down but don't hold me back like I need you to, damn
I wrote myself a million dollar check in fifth grade
I put it on the wall and promised it'd be this way
She fuck me like she want the rent paid
Like she want that Oscar De La Renta
I slow it down like it's her favourite ballad
Then go back up at it like I hadn't had it
Straight up

[Hook (partial)]
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
I'll fuck you right, have you walking from side to side
How many times?

[Bridge]
Pour a cup for the bitches that ain't scared to get down
Get down, get down
How many times I gotta?
Light another for the bitches who's just only in town
For the weekend, ohh

[Verse 3: Chris Brown]
I see these bitches in Supperclub
Niggas got me throwing bottles up
Bottles with all of my homies
I'm feeling generous, throwing my money
She said she wanted the molly love
I gave her the dick but I'm not in love
I call out, "Bingo!" the minute I'm boning
Soon as I'm done, kick her out in the morning
Got xans when I turn up, it's a party, bust it open
Pop that pussy in a circle, go retarded, pop it for me
She got that booty galore, gripping it, backing me up
You wanna fuck with a thug
Now I see all these bitches got ass and they throwing
Damn, it's just a matter of time 'fore I'm gone
Drinking Ciroc and I know that she got it for free
I hit up Diddy, he told me he did it
He said that the liquor just bring out the freaks
Them bitches lit, dropping that ass to a split
Talking 'bout me, I'm the shit
I just get down for the money, the bitches, and cars
And my niggas, they whipping the bricks

[Hook]
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
I'll fuck you right, have you walking from side to side
You know how a nigga feel 'bout wasting time
You know how I feel about waiting in line
You know he ain't it, girl you're wasting your time
You'll only ditch him for a moment in time, take it in stride
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
How many times I gotta tell that ass to come over?
I'll fuck you right, have you walking from side to side
How many times?[Produced by Noah "40" Shebib,  T-Minus, and Nikhil "Kromatik" Seetharam]

[Intro: DJ Khaled]
I get 'em up! (I'm on one)
I get 'em up! (Fuck it, I'm 'on one)
I get 'em up! (I said I’m on one)
DJ Khaled!

[Verse 1: Drake]
Uhh, I’m getting so throwed
I ain't went this hard since I was 18
Apologize if I say anything I don’t mean
Like "what's up with your best friend?
We could all have some fun, believe me
And what's up with these new niggas?
And why they think it all comes so easy?"
But get it while you here, boy
Cause all that hype don’t feel the same next year, boy
Yeah and I’ll be right here in my spot
With a little more cash than I already got
Trippin' off you cause you had your shot
With my skin tanned and my hair long
And my fans who been so patient
Me and 40 back to work but we still smell like a vacation
Hate the rumors, hate your bullshit, hate these fucking allegations
I’m just feeling like the throne is for the taking
Watch me take it!

[Hook: Drake]
All I care about is money an' the city that I'm from
I'mma sip until I feel it, I'mma smoke it 'til it's done
And I don’t really give a fuck, and my excuse is that I’m young
And I’m only getting older, somebody shoulda told ya
I’m on one, yeah, fuck it I’m on one
Yeah, I said "I’m on one", fuck it I’m on one
Two white cups and I got that drink
Could be purple, it could be pink
Depending on how you mix that shit
Money to be got, and Imma get that shit
Cause I’m on one, I said "fuck it, I’m on one"

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
I’m burning purple flowers, it’s burning my chest
I bury the most cash and burning the rest
Walking on the clouds, suspended in thin air
Do ones beneath me recognize the red bottoms I wear?
Burner in the belt, move the kids to the hills (Boss)
Bend shawty on the sink, do it for the thrill
Kiss you on ya neck and tell ya "everything is great"
Even though I'm out on bond and might be facing' 8
Still running with the same niggas 'til the death of me
Never seen a million cash, gotta count it carefully
Ever made love to the woman of your dreams
In a room full of money out in London and she screams?
Baby, I could take ya there
Call Marc Jacobs personally to make a pair
So yeah, we on one, the feeling ain’t fair (Khaled)
And it’s double M G until I get the chair

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I walk around the club, fuck everybody
And all my niggas got that Heat, I feel like Pat Riley
Yeah, too much money, ain't enough money
You know the feds listening, nigga what money?
I’m a made nigga, I should dust something
You niggas on the bench, like the bus coming
Huh, ain't nothing sweet but the Swishers
I’m focused might as well say "cheese" for the pictures
Ohh, I’m about to go Andre the Giant
You a sell out, but I ain't buying
Chopper dissect a nigga like science
Put an end to your world like the Mayans
This a celebration bitches Mazeltov
It’s a slim chance I fall, Olive Oyl
Tunechi be the name, don’t ask me how I got it
I’m killin’ these hoes I swear I’m tryna stop the violence
(Young mula baby, YMCMB)

[Hook]

[Outro: DJ Khaled]
I get 'em up
I get 'em up
I get 'em up[Intro: Chris Brown]
I'll hold you down
I'm on my way (DJ Khaled!)

[Verse 1: Jeremih & (August Alsina)]
All you've been thinking about
Do anything you want and let emotion rule your mind (rule your mind)
And now you say you dream about doing it anywhere
Oh yeah, just tell me where it's on your mind (on your mind)
Sit in my whip and see the stars (and see the stars)
Show me just who you are (show me just who you are)
You know who really hold you down (hold you down)
And when you not around (when you not around)

[Hook: August Alsina & (Jeremih)]
I'll hold you down
(I'm the one gon' hold you down, I'm the one gon' hold you down)
I'm on my way
(I'm the one that be rolling up in that Bentley truck cause I'm old enough)
Want you like right now
(You the one that got all I need, give me all of you or all of me)
I'm on my way
(I'm the one that's gon' hold you down, I'm the one gon' hold you down)

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
I had some problems back home (so I heated up)
I ain't with that bullshit at all (then I laid it down)
Maybe it's that Virginia in me (nigga say something)
Have a young nigga go so hard
Through it all you stuck with me
Through it all you never ducked off like a coward when he hit me
Get me? Girl I swear to God you the real one and you know it
And I don't hurt anyone of ya'll for the real one and you know it
And I hold it down
Started from the bed, ended up on the floor
And now let that ass up off the ground
I'mma put you on my shoulders, let me give you what's in store
Girl, you deserve it, all the time you been servin'
Away from the realest nigga in it, I'mma take you away
And I hold you down, (I'mma hold you down)
I'mma hold you down baby

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Future]
I'm the one that's gon' hold you down
Put you in that Ghost so you enjoy the town
Even when the roads is down, you mesmerized by the flying sky
We gotta socialize and cherish times
This shit is deeper than love
I pull up in that Lamborghini, the doors in the sky
Shit is straight up suicide
You in that new Bentley truck, new, new Bentley truck
Oh, oh, oh, ooh
We've been playing in that Versace
We go to Abu Dhabi for a hobby
Your body my new Bugatti

[Hook]

[Verse 4: August Alsina & (DJ Khaled)]
Live an expensive life and I'm just getting started
I get instant hype cause you forever my lady
Forever my baby (real life)
Hold you down, hold you down
Girl you helped me up when I was down, in and out, girl
Hold you down like I'm supposed to
Real nigga, I know you, real nigga, I know you (another one)

[Hook][Intro: Drake]
Yeah I stay down with my day one niggas and we in the club screaming

[Hook]
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new
Still here with my day one niggas, so you hear me say
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new
I still ride with my day one niggas, I don't really need
No new friends, no new friends, no new friends, no, no new
I stay down from day one so I say
Fuck all y'all niggas except my niggas
Fuck all y'all niggas except my niggas
One more time
Fuck all ya'll niggas except my niggas
Fuck all ya'll niggas, stay down from day one so I say
(Fuck a fake friend, where your real friends at? Started!)

[Verse 1: Drake]
Man this shit so ill that we had to restart it
H-town my second home like I'm James Harden
Money counter go *brrrr* when you sellin' out the Garden
Four car garage, pornstar ménage
Birdman go *brrrr* cause he know this shit retarded
Fuck her on the floor before we make it to the bed
That's what your ass really call started from the bottom, yes lord
OVO Sound man I'm proud of my niggas
Knew that we would make it never doubted my niggas
All my bitches love me
If I had a baby mama she would probably be richer then a lot of you niggas
Aye that's luxury dawg, day one niggas man ya'll stuck with me dawg
Ever since Youtube niggas been calling me the leader of the new school
Fuck with me dawg, yeah

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
Your bitch all in my photographs, ho niggas got hate for me
Big homies all certified, nothing niggas gon' take from me
Follow codes, study game, feed fam nigga fuck fame
All black my whip foreign, these bad hoes keep tiptoeing
Down in Turks and Caicos, dope boy that's my dress code
All I hug is blood nigga, Khaled that's my flesh ho
All I want is love nigga, money bring that stress tho
Smoke good I love life, strip club like erry night
Every night my same niggas, day one, straight menace (Rozay!)

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Ugh, I'm here with my niggas, I'm too high to be friendly
They throw dirt on my name, well that's why they still dig me
And I'm tired of all this hating, I thank God for my patience
I thank God for my homies, I wish we could trade places
Bitch we good-fellas, boy all them niggas with you they just pall bearers
And if we ball catch us, remember sip slow, live fast
Young Money, stay young
I been Cash Money since day one
Tunechi

[Hook]

[Outro: Future]
Fuck all y'all niggas except my niggas
Fuck them other niggas cuz' I'm down for my niggas[Produced by Mike Zombie]

[Intro: Jay Z]
People look at you strange saying you changed
Like you worked that hard to stay the same
Like you doing all this for a reason
And what happens most of the time people change
People change around you because
They starting treating you different because of your success

[Bridge: French Montana]
Ever since a nigga hit the top
Pussy niggas wanna see me in a box
They don't love you no more
They don't love you no more

[Verse 1: Meek Mill]
Shit ain't been the same since I came through in that hot shit
They gon' talk about you 'til you ain't got shit
Still gon' talk about you when you got shit
All eyes on Meek, I'm on my Pac shit
Y'all rap niggas on some pop shit
I've been ducking paparazzi with a pop bitch
Glock .30 in the cockpit
Sipping dirty, conversating with the pilot
Nigga, you ain't seen it, I've been fucking up arenas
I'm with double M, the genius, we the motherfucking meanest
And the cleanest in a long time
You pussy niggas hating on me picked the wrong time
Long line for a limp mink draggin', new bandwagon
Blood dripping on me looking like a nigga stabbed him
I be on the money, baking soda in the cabinet
Pyrex, trying to whip a Rollie, making magic
Laughing at you fuck niggas getting madder
If I feel threatened, I'mma go and get a ladder
And climb up your chest, nigga, motherfuck your vest, nigga
Motherfuck your couch, I'm with Khaled, the best, nigga

[Hook: French Montana]
Ever since a nigga hit the top, uh
Pussy niggas wanna see me in a box, oh
They don't love you no more (they don't love you no more)
They don't love you no more, yeah
Troops gotta cock, coupe's gotta drop
Shit starting to change so you starting to change, ah
They don't love you no more
They don't love you no more
Should be your favorite, now you're just hatin'
Shit starting to change, you want me to change, nah
They don't love you no more (they don't love you no more)
They don't love you no more, nah

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
Bullet in the head, they wanna see my shirt red
Live by the code, it's the only way to play it
Benz or the Rolls, Mulsanne overrated
Half these niggas told, cut a deal, they'd take it
Promise to never fold and the bonds still sacred
Had to shake a couple niggas, everybody won't make it
God is the greatest as I'm praying in the latest
X600 as I swerve, Little Haiti
Ou paka bat m'wen, sak pase!
I'm busting out the sunroof, nigga, andalé!
My money always coming, no, I'm never on pause
I'll bring you straight to your door if you a motherfucking boss

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jay Z]
Hold up, you ain't got love for me, my nigga?
Ever meet another nigga like me, my nigga?
Are you sure? A nigga flip this shit like Jarl Borg
A nigga did this shit, this hardcore
If you say it, guess it's true though, kudos, I mean, but who knows?
Salute to all the real niggas out there finding the loopholes
Fuck all these fuck niggas, hate when niggas come up, igh!
Hopped off the plane, hit the helicopter (igh!)
Tell these crabs in the barrel we eating hella lobster (igh!)
Got hella options, like a college team
Hit these bootleg niggas with the heisman
Fuck the NCAA nigga, let a young nigga get paid, nigga
Niggas talking down on the crown
Watch them niggas you 'round got you wound
Haters wanna ball, let me tighten up my draw string
Wrong sport, boy, you know you're as soft as the Lacrosse team
RAAAAHHH!!

[Hook]

[Outro: DJ Khaled]
You don't love me no more?!
All the shit I done for you, you don't love me no more?![Intro: DJ Khaled (Kanye West)]
(Uhh, can the headphones go louder?)
Kanye West!
(Swag King Cole)
DJ Khaled!

[Hook]
Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

[Verse 1]
Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik
I told you mahfuckas it was more than the music
In the projects one day, to Project Runway
We done heard all that loud-ass talking, we're used to it
I'm from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it
To whoever think their words affect me is too stupid
And if you can do it better than me, then you do it!
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, we made it to the Paris news!
Don't talk about style cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
And the whole industry want to fuck your old chick
Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz
And I'll admit, I had fell in love with Kim
Around the same time she had fell in love with him
Well that's cool, baby girl, do ya thang
Lucky I ain't had Jay drop him from the team
La Familia, Roc Nation
We in the building, we still keep it basement
Flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, I made it to the Paris news
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you
GOOD Music, we fresh, we fresh
Anything else, we detest, detest
Bitch-ass niggas got ass and breasts
All that said, let me ask this quest'

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Don't talk to me 'bout style, nigga, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Talking 'bout clothes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Hollering 'bout some hoes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Way too cold, I promise you'll need some Theraflu
(Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh)
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the Theraflu

[Outro: DJ Pharris]
This Chicago, nigga
South Side, we in this bitch
East Side crazy, blow that loud
Low End, 39th, The Ickes
47th Street, Garfield Park, 79th
Stony Island, K-Town, Wild 100's
This Chi-Town, Dro City, The Village
Harvey World, O Block, 64th and Normal
64th and King Drive, what up?
83rd, Cottage Grove, the Gardens
This Chicago nigga!
The Dearborns, 55th, Cabrini-Green
Terror Town, West Side, Pocket Town
This Chicago! Halsted to the Ida B. Wells
New York City, Atlanta, London Town
Chiraq Drillinoise
This DJ Pharris, fuck around and get embarrassed[Khaled] DJ Khaled!
[T-Pain] Hey! Yeah
[Khaled] We the best!

[Hook: T-Pain]
All I do is win win win no matter what
Got money on my mind, I can never get enough
And every time I step up in the building
Everybody hands go UP
And they stay there, and they stay there
And they stay there - up down up down up down
Cause all I do is WIN, WIN, WIN
And if you goin in put yo' hands in the air, make 'em stay there!

[Verse 1 - Ludacris]
Yeah, listen, LUDA!
Ludacris goin in on the verse
Cause I never been defeated and I won't stop now
Keep your hands up, get 'em in the sky
For the homies that didn't make it and my folks locked down
I never went nowhere, but they sayin' "Luda's back"
Blame it on that conjure, the hood call it Luda 'gnac
And I'm on this foolish track, so I spit my foolish flow
My hands go up and down, like strippers' booties go
My verses still be servin, tight like a million virgins
Last time on the Khaled remix, now I'm on the original version
Can't never count me out, y'all better count me in
Got twenty bank accounts, accountants count me in
Make millions every year (yeah) the South's champion (yeah)
Cause all I do, all I - all I - all I - all I do is
AY, WOO!

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Rick Ross]
Win, win, who? Boss
Boss, swervin in my lo-lo
Head on the swivel, you know serving me's a no-no
Clean as a whistle as I pull out in my Rolls Royce
Yellow bone passenger, they see it they say "oh boy"
Tell Khaled back it up, my niggas call me loco
Down for armed trafficking, don't make me pull that fo'-fo'
Ask you what you laughing at - represent that mud life!
Dirty money bitch you better get yo' mud right!
We come together holdin' hands and holla "thug life"
We all strapped in all black, it's like fuck life (all we do is win!)
You riding to what (WHAT!) cause we riding tonight (tonight!)
Now she riding with me cause you wasn't riding her right
Ross!

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Snoop Dogg]
Heat in the kitchen, pot on the stove
Water gettin boiled, dope being sold
Snoopy in the hoopty, system overload
I been running this rap game since I was 20 years old
I hung with the worst of 'em, bust 'til I burst 'em up
Floss 'em up, toss 'em up, Hardaway, boss 'em up
Pardon me, I'm bossing up, pressure up, bless you bruh
Don't mess with us, we like the U in the 80's
Back to back, set a trap, hit the lick, hit it back
Hit the trick, jump the track, bitch I want my money back
Time and time again while I'm sipping on this gin
Al Davis said it best, "Just win baby, win!"

[Hook][Verse 1: Vado]
What happened? Who shot? Who buck and who ran off?
These rappers ain’t hot the fuck they got fans for?
I’m back in the spot, with bundles they hand off
Meet me another block askin' what’s the expand cost
It’s a hard job that fell for raw scarf
Left hand steer,Cartier was all polish
Light knit wear, I don’t pitch the hard
Maserati whip, serve bricks to the carwash
Who’s on the menu? Hunned deep at the venue
Hunned keys who I sent to, turn the weed up the mental
Was in a rental, I done turned down in Pennsylvania
Pistol mania, streets official

[Hook: Kevin Cossom & Vado]
2 fingers in the air for the ones before
Middle finger in the air for the ones that hate
Ain’t no more love
Sorry but it’s gotta be this way
Stackin' all day, trappin' all day
Back with more yay, we clappin' your way
I’m a survivor, I’m a rider
Bet you don’t move
When it’s on this side, no
It’s been so long but we finally arrived
We stackin' all day, trappin' all day
Back with more yay, we clappin' your way

[Verse 2: Ace Hood]
You’re looking at a new school legend
Gift out of Heaven
Preachin' that real, yeah I'm something like a Reverend
Livin' by the code, bend nor fold
Black man wearin' 100 G's worth of gold
Iced out watches, shirt from Versace
King of the south I am, wuddup Gotti?
Been speak bout it, money no karate
Profit go to flippin' now they think I’m Illuminati
What you came here for? I’m in the Django clothes
Niggas want my life, they wanna take my soul
See I done switched my flow just like I do with my hoes
Now they know I’m the truth but why it took so long?
Know the Maybach comfy and the kush so strong
No my thoughts ain’t right, I can’t do nothing wrong
I’m so gifted, hear my voice and get lifted
Came from the trenches, gun shots to ditches,listen

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Vado]
I’m quick to grab 9’s when a man hate
Been getting bad vibes from they handshakes
I’mma act fly 'til my land day
No need to ask why my nigga man straight
Long line for the dope that’s a fan base
Hog tie with the ropes, what yo fan face?
Mob ties with the coke, make the plan great
4-5 to his throat, where’s the damn safe?
Khaled you know it’s time
When they see me they’ll see Po in his prime
Rich when he was rich, the industry von zip
Gazelles like Dred Scott, Ciele’s my bread copped

[Hook][Khaled] DJ Khaled!
[T-Pain] Hey! Yeah
[Khaled] We the best!

[Hook: T-Pain]
All I do is win win win no matter what
Got money on my mind, I can never get enough
And every time I step up in the building
Everybody hands go UP
And they stay there, and they stay there
And they stay there - up down up down up down
Cause all I do is WIN, WIN, WIN
And if you goin in put yo' hands in the air, make 'em stay there!

[Verse 1 - Ludacris]
Yeah, listen, LUDA!
Ludacris goin in on the verse
Cause I never been defeated and I won't stop now
Keep your hands up, get 'em in the sky
For the homies that didn't make it and my folks locked down
I never went nowhere, but they sayin' "Luda's back"
Blame it on that conjure, the hood call it Luda 'gnac
And I'm on this foolish track, so I spit my foolish flow
My hands go up and down, like strippers' booties go
My verses still be servin, tight like a million virgins
Last time on the Khaled remix, now I'm on the original version
Can't never count me out, y'all better count me in
Got twenty bank accounts, accountants count me in
Make millions every year (yeah) the South's champion (yeah)
Cause all I do, all I - all I - all I - all I do is
AY, WOO!

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Rick Ross]
Win, win, who? Boss
Boss, swervin in my lo-lo
Head on the swivel, you know serving me's a no-no
Clean as a whistle as I pull out in my Rolls Royce
Yellow bone passenger, they see it they say "oh boy"
Tell Khaled back it up, my niggas call me loco
Down for armed trafficking, don't make me pull that fo'-fo'
Ask you what you laughing at - represent that mud life!
Dirty money bitch you better get yo' mud right!
We come together holdin' hands and holla "thug life"
We all strapped in all black, it's like fuck life (all we do is win!)
You riding to what (WHAT!) cause we riding tonight (tonight!)
Now she riding with me cause you wasn't riding her right
Ross!

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Snoop Dogg]
Heat in the kitchen, pot on the stove
Water gettin boiled, dope being sold
Snoopy in the hoopty, system overload
I been running this rap game since I was 20 years old
I hung with the worst of 'em, bust 'til I burst 'em up
Floss 'em up, toss 'em up, Hardaway, boss 'em up
Pardon me, I'm bossing up, pressure up, bless you bruh
Don't mess with us, we like the U in the 80's
Back to back, set a trap, hit the lick, hit it back
Hit the trick, jump the track, bitch I want my money back
Time and time again while I'm sipping on this gin
Al Davis said it best, "Just win baby, win!"

[Hook][Hook: T-Pain]
All I do is win, win, win, no matter what
Got money on my mind I can never get enough
Whenever me and Khaled do the remix everybody's hands go up
And they stay there
And they stay yea
And they stay there
Up, down, up, down, up, down
Cause all I do is win, win, win
And if you going in put your hands in the air make em stay there

[Verse 1: DJ Khaled]
Sittin' on the top floor, what you think I'm hot for
Every summer drop more, hits to make my stock go, up
Them hands go, up; them fans go, up
I'm number one in this bitch and I'ma, stay there
We the best of the best, grind while you haters just sleep
I'm yellin' "free Weezy", I rep the heart of the streets
Who hotter than me, I'm wearin' the crown
We can't stop, won't stop; go hate on me now

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
I could never get enough when it come to gettin' fetti
Niggas ain't ready for my Ferrari Scaglietti
Mario Andretti, money comin' fast
My honeycomb hideout is made of all glass
I could never be a racist, wake up every morning just to count white faces
Neo in the Matrix, glorious as Morpheus
Employed all warriors, I'm mean as a scorpion, Dr. Kevorkian

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
Everytime I come you gotta know a nigga comin'
Get a lot of money when I'm in the buildin'
And I come and say there ain't [motherfuck ?] nobody better, better, better, better!
Uh-huh, Okay
Niggas know I got you when I hit you with the pitter-patter
Whenever they see me then you hear a lot of chitter-chatter
Niggas know there ain't nobody better, better, better, better!
I watch a lot of niggas when I'm in the cut
So sick when I come and hit 'em in the gut
You will crown me king (no matter what!)
(Kill 'em!)
Ok, let's shine my friend
Get up on my grind again
Some niggas will be happy that I chose to rhyme with them cause

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Diddy]
Her heart racing like she snort cocaine
I got a billion reasons you should know my whole name
Got the most paper Mr. New York Times
I'm a natural born winner nigga New York mines
Everybody getting money but I cop the first six
Now I run the game so I toss the first pitch
Yea, I'll let you wife her but she still my first bitch
If it's less then nine digits nigga, that ain't fuckin' rich mother fucker

[Verse 5: Nicki Minaj]
Ayo, all I do is win, ain't that the reason that you really mad
Undisputed hailing all the way from Trinidad
I ain't mad ma, see you on your bummy swag
I'm in that money green Jag, lot of money bags
I told Khaled you the best but I'm the bestest
Better run for cover if your name is on my checklist
You could talk slick, all the way down to the welfare
Ask the IRS bitch, I'm paying for your health care

[Verse 6: Fabolous]
I'ma make this here official, Let me clear some issues
First off I am not for Britney Spears initials
Thats no B-S, at your re-quest
Lean back you and your crew, Fat Joe, T-S
Yea it's Young Funeral, all black on me
So act like summers over and fall back homey
Winnin' is all I do, I'll answer all of you
But y'all ain't sayin' shit, like prank callers do

[Hook]

[Verse 7: Jadakiss]
It's already proven, I got them birds movin'
All I do is win, I'm allergic to losin'
Yellow gold cuban, nine mil Ruger
I'll show you what to do with em
Finish em, I'm through with em
They gon have to jump me, it's gon take a few of em
They don't want no problems, they might end up suing em
Disassociate yourself, have nothing to do with em
We already got a jet, we tryna get two of em

[Verse 8: Fat Joe]
Just blew trial, crack lobsters Little Italy
Your wife she a screamer yellin' slow down Joe, you killin' me
Beat her like a prize fight mommy I’m a rude boy
You just hit the Power Ball, everyday a new toy
Nigga it’s a stick up, a motherfuckin' robbery
I done did some things that have Haitian Jack proud of me
Ridin' through Harlem me and Jeezy pardon me
Puffy surfin' on the hood for niggas that keep doubtin' me

[Hook][Intro: DJ Khaled]
Believe dat.. it's DJ Khaled
It's that We The Best, YMCMB
"We The Best Forever"

[Hook: Kevin Rudolf]
A million lights and a kick drum - the floor is moving slow
I've got a feeling bout this one - and we still young you know-oww-oww
I'm breathing fire in your club-ubb
It's not my fault if your heart's, grown, cold
It's not my fault if your heart's, grown, cold

[Tyga]
Uhh, new Hermes duffle bags
On the plane, see the sky through a little glass
Twenty hour flight never jet-lagged
Sipping white wine, watching the sunset
Real love this close I ain't never had
Sitting with you all day til the night pass
Damn, I ain't trying to fight that
But if we fall too fast will the feeling last
{*singing*} Now I'm looking over my shoulder, shoulder, uh
Champagne, good dimes and good times and now it's all over
{*rapping*} But you can't blame me for all that
You was bright now your heart all black
Try to outshine the good with the bad
You a cold motherfucker I ain't mad at you
Still shining

[Hook]

[Mack Maine]
Bitch I'm Mack Mai-I-I-I-I-I-I-ine...
You getting old and your heart turn cold
Time-line froze; mad at the world
Cause you lived your life but this the life that we chose
Lights on the road for the nicest Rolls
I mean long-ass flights for these trifling hoes
But we don't crap out when the dice is rolled
I mean no life, low life
Say my name and hopes to get more life, nigga live your life
Lame-ass nigga, you cook it with no spice
Lil B sacrifice, show me what your ho like
Hit her with that dope dick, now she's a dope fiend
Leo Lion the king, I'm looking for a dope queen
A First Lady baby, Young Money's Barack
Baggy cargos, high mismatched socks
Me, Gunz, Millz, Tyga, we give em the chills
Weak riders, get birth control pills

[Jae Millz]
(Millzy...) Uhh, bright lights
Lord knows I live for these nights
You're damn right
I'mma sip champagne till it blurs my sight
Yanks fitted cap to the front like Jeter
My diamonds ain't fierce like an episode of cheetahs Jesus
Loud jewelry, loud speakers
Blowing loud weed with some loud divas, Millz

[Hook]

[Cory Gunz]
(Young Money, Cash Money, We The Best, Khaled)
Uh, it's that summertime money time
Gonna rhyme good time, wanna dime, gimme mine
Loud smoke, quiet engine out the city line
Pretty toes hanging out the window to the finish line
Spikes poking out my kicks like a porcupine
Young Money, Cash Money, We The Best fall in line
Uptown thorough breded from the South Bronx
Hot blocks in Miami, Khaled outcome
You made us, they hate us, just to say the latest
Life nothing like a movie: I just day-to-day this
Remember it was hard trying to pay us wages
Nice spitting hard rhymes on the main stages
Independent, yeah I told em major later
We some independent niggas getting major paper
Shout Tune, Stunna, Slim, Mack
We play for keep, so how we gon' give up that
YMCMB, lights, camera, ACTION~!

[Hook][Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Talk about it, make em talk about it
Life to me is currency, prosperity I got it
And your life to me is lifeless like its livin' on life support
I license everything in my wallet, lightest boy with the biggest heart
Nigga play your part or parallel park your ego next to me and violence
Next to me is definitely no one, I'm one of one
And I musta won that from anybody who had it or better yet forgot it
Mack in the back of a 'Lac with a mac in the back of a 'Lac
With a latch on the back of the trunk
Hit a punk in the back with a pump in the back, till he's off balance
And I'm back in the front of the front of the future
When you are mentioning talent
And I'm back in the back of the block
With a cop wanna cop anybody's allowance
Iraq on the block G watch for the block or whatever
And cut no cut more guns more guts fuck boy you fucked up twice you fucked considerin' you drownin'
Die in a lake with a date with a catfish back flip head first smilin'
C-cry in the face of Jesus we just pray we keep on stylin'
On you bitches TDE YMCMB business bitch

[Verse 2: Ace Hood]
Okay nigga riding in a May-be, and I'm probably with Baby
Dont talk nigga fuck you pay me, intercept your bitch like Bailey
Okay big money on this side, 100 grand for the whip my bitch drive
Need a new safe money getting too high, dead presidents all in my Levis
Boy I swear this nigga be swagging, and I'm living lavish
Might cop me an Aston, Martin on 'em
Anything I drive I own 'em, bad bitch and that ass ain't normal
Gotta put that pound game on her, beat it up she deep in a coma
I'm super paid, 2 shows a day
My rollie gold, no time to waste
What it do Berg, my fuckin' brother
Keep that pistol by me like my lovely momma
Hot as the summer, cold as the winter
Stay on them charts, I heard that they plotting my timber
Young nigga, got a lot of flows
Any nigga don't believe me, I make it look easy easy out of control

[Verse 3: Birdman]
Box full of choppers, hand on the trigger
Uptown gangsta, get it how we get it
Third Ward soldier, suicide rider
Militant minded, hundred mill on the counter
Hand-Persian rug nigga, flame on the Bugatti
Christian Louboutin, Chanel for my models
Higher than Bugatti nigga, fishing on the fish scales
Nose diving for them hundreds, strapped up making mail
Fr-fresher than I been before
Higher than we even been, shining on them 24’s
Junior doing time ho
On the grind ho, while he doing time ho

[Interlude: Mack Maine]
Ya know!
The time is money and money still was made baby
Eight months ain’t stop nothing nigga
It’s like jail was third base and my lil’ nigga still came home, ya understand

[Verse 4: Mack Maine]
I’m from the hood where bitches hold coke in they baby diapers
That’s why when the babies grow up damn they be like us
I came a long ways from rhyming up in crazy cyphers
Man I’m so happy my lil’ brother came home from Rikers
Shout out to BP, Thugga, Flow and [Fail Boy?]
My flow Lucifer, I spit hell boy
My heart numb, ain’t no pain I can’t withstand
And I hold my niggas down boy like a kickstand
Get off my nuts, stop acting like a bitch fam
Lil’ nigga finish puberty, grow ya own dick damn
I went from watching time fly on Earl and Red porch
To cruising through the streets of Miami in a red Porsche
Me and Stunna fly, we should join the Air Force
Stand up niggas, the fuck you brought them chairs for?
I went from making money from people with crack habits
To thanking God I’m in a whole ‘nother tax bracket
Amen{DJ Folk~!}

[Intro: DJ Khaled]
Aight, this record right here is featurin' the future
Ace Hood, Kendrick Lamar
One time for the west coast; Philly, what's up?

[Kendrick Lamar]
Talk about it, make em talk about it
Life to me is currency, prosperity I got it
And your life to me is lifeless like its livin' on life support
I license everything in my wallet, lightest boy with the biggest heart
Nigga play your part or parallel park your ego next to me and violence
Next to me is definitely no one, I'm one of one
And I musta won that from anybody who had it or better yet forgot it
Mack in the back of a 'Lac with a mac in the back of a 'Lac with a latch on the back of the trunk
Hit a punk in the back with a pump in the back, 'til he's off balance
And I'm back in the front of the front of the future when you are mentioning talent
And I'm back in the back of the block with a cop wanna cop anybody's allowance
Iraq on the block G watch for the block or whatever and cut no cut more guns more guts
Fuck boy you fucked up twice you fucked considerin' you drownin'
Die in a lake with a date with a catfish back flip head first smilin'
C-cry in the face of Jesus we just pray we keep on stylin'
On you bitches TDE YMCMB business bitch

[Ace Hood]
Ace Hood~!
Birdman, what they do big dawg?
Mack Maine, what's crackin' fo?
Big money~!

Okay nigga riding in a May-be, and I'm probably with baby
Dont talk nigga fuck you pay me, intercept your bitch like Bailey
Okay big money on this side, 100 grand for the whip my bitch drive
Need a new safe money getting too high, dead presidents all in my Levis
Boy I swear this nigga be swagging, and I'm living lavish
Might cop me an Aston, Martin on 'em
Anything I drive I own 'em, bad bitch and that ass ain't normal
Gotta put that pound game on her, beat it up she deep in a coma
I'm super paid, 2 shows a day
My rollie gold, no time to waste
What it do Berg, my fuckin' brother
Keep that pistol by me like my lovely momma
Hot as the summer, cold as the winter
Stay on them charts, I heard that they plotting my timber
Young nigga, got a lot of flows
Any nigga don't believe me, I make it look easy easy out of control

[Birdman]
Just like that, boy
Death before dishonor, ya understand me?
Dedicated, respect, fully loaded
Yeah~!

Box full of choppers, hand on the trigger
Uptown gangsta, get it how we get it
Third Ward soldier, suicide rider
Militant minded, hundred mill on the counter
Hand-Persian rug nigga, flame on the Bugatti
Christian Louboutin, Chanel for my models
Higher than Bugatti nigga, fishing on the fish scales
Nose diving for them hundreds, strapped up making mail
Fr-fresher than I been before
Higher than we even been, shining on them 24’s
Junior doing time ho
On the grind ho, while he doing time ho

[Mack Maine]
Ya know!
The time is money and money still was made baby
Eight months ain’t stop nothin' nigga
It’s like jail was third base and my lil’ nigga still came home
Ya understand? Chea

I’m from the hood where bitches hold coke in they baby diapers
That’s why when the babies grow up damn they be like us
I came a long ways from rhyming up in crazy cyphers
Man I’m so happy my lil’ brother came home from Rikers
Shout out to BP, Thugga, Flow and Fail Boy
My flow Lucifer, I spit hell boy
My heart numb, ain’t no pain I can’t withstand
And I hold my niggas down boy like a kickstand
Get off my nuts, stop acting like a bitch fam
Lil’ nigga finish puberty, grow ya own dick damn
I went from watching time fly on Earl and Red porch
To cruising through the streets of Miami in a red Porsche
Me and Stunna fly, we should join the Air Force
Stand up niggas, the fuck you brought them chairs for?
I went from making money from people with crack habits
To thankin' God I’m in a whole ‘nother tax bracket
Amen

[Outro: DJ Khaled]
Facts to YMCMB bosses~!
Birdman, Slim, Lil Wayne, Mack Maine
One time for that boy Cortez, a.k.a 'Tez
This how we do it~!
We ain't never gon' stop neither~![Fat Joe]
Yeah, T.S., yeah, uhh
Yo, yo...

Wonder if we all V-S'es'us
Wanna know the streets that we fuss
Now sit back and witness the di-rector's cut
And niggas throw your T.S.'s up {BEAT NOVACANE!}

[Fat Joe]
Go figure it, Joe Crack runnin New York
Who woulda thunk it, God above and Pun did
Yeah, they came while I was 'sleep
Whispered in my ear this is your year {CRACK PREACH!}
So I testify
To burn down the throne, niggas follow my lead
Save your breath for crownin me King of N.Y
I'm the one and only Godfather, one through three
Pardon me, but I was raised in the projects
Forgettin I wasn't the only object
We was more concerned with cuttin up and choppin
Supplyin fiends with that work, get it poppin
Now who wanna pop off 'til they head get popped off
By the realest MC, and that's ME!
Joe Crack the Don, I came from the streets
Knee deep in the game, other half in the streets
I got that permit to bury ya ice grill
Shoulda named this album hurr "Licensed to Kill"
Ahhh - yes my life chilly chill
Mansion in Miami, other in the Jersey Hills
Chillll, that's that '88 flow
Small face 20's, that's that '88 dough
Joey Jefferson, I'm on the 88th flo'
Khaled him with that talk nigga {UN, UN, UN, UNBELIEVABLE!}

[Hook: repeat 2X]
One Phantom, two castles, and a Jeep fo'
Five mics a classic, kinda like my six-fo'
Several years I earned cake, let me tell you more
Joey Crack, a.k.a. '88, Cook Coke

[Fat Joe]
Wonder why I paint a picture of the street life so vivid I lived it
Y'all dudes innocent, y'all just visitin
And that's the reason why they call me ghetto
D.O., have you homeless {?} diggin deep holes
Police know, but just couldn't figure me out
I'm like {?}, have 'em makin pies in the house
It's grill, spit fire like I never been out
And I ain't gon' retire 'til there's never a doubt
The wheels, in my head keep spinnin
I'm thinkin anybody go against me losin chil'ren
I'm thinkin there's no better time than now to start some killin
It's Cook Coke Crack, 2005's ghetto version of Achilles NIGGA

[Hook]

[Fat Joe]
Yo, yo, loop this and you crash the remix
And forget who you thought I was, I'm Crack BEYOTCH
The same dude that made you "Lean Back"
And had that nigga Ma$e spittin that gangsta shit
Can't wait 'til my nigga Shyne come home
Six minutes, six minutes, Joey Crack you're on
Uh-um, uh-um, is my microphone on? Yes
New York, look I brought the championship home
Now, through up your peace signs to the sky
For all our soldiers that died
That means Biggie Smalls, 2Pac, Big L and Left Eye
And Big Pun the greatest of all time, sing it with me now

[Hook]

[Repeat 2X]
Wonder if we all V-S'es'us
Wanna know the streets that we fuss
Now sit back and witness the di-rector's cut
And niggas throw your T.S.'s up {BEAT NOVACANE!}[Intro - DJ Khaled]
Yeah..
I represent loyalty
I am loyalty
I am the definition of loyalty
I represent the G's
Beanie Sigel
We The Best

[Verse 1 - Beanie Sigel]
All the bullshit stops here (Here)
Let's get this clear (Yeah)
Shoot rear, fresh off the top tear (Unhh)
What I'mma 'bout to do for you, is not fair
I'm not answerin' questions for you, dat are not clear
Whuddup with State Prop. the crew, when they not there?
The moment dat they heard it the verdict, when it wasn't clear
Ya boi had the to sit a year, did they really disappear?
Jay really not visit there? Dame and Beans are they tight as it seems
Or is it all fabricated from dat same fabric
Now rip the rock marriage straight from seams
Thing's ain't what it seems but at time do tell, the truth shall prevail
Until then, you dudes bite yall nails in anticipation (Fuck)
I know you hate it why I got chu waitin? (Shiiit..) - I too, am waitin'
Gotta see a couple faces, when I make 'em face it
Truth dat is dat ya boy have patience (Yes!)
As a matter a fact, it's wearin' thin
But I tell you this tho, when the New Year begins
Pussies who got nuts cause I'm goin' all in

[Hook - Pooh Bear]
Can you hear me (Ayyy), came for attention (Ayyy)
But it ain't good if you don't wait (Ooooh)
It ain't good if you don't wait (Ooooh)
I'm the plot in every movie but my theory stays the same
It ain't good if you dont wait (Ooooh)
It ain't good if you dont wait (Ooooh)
Nah-uhhh..

[Verse 2 - Beanie Sigel]
Now let's not get this misconstrued
To say dat diss record - I don't diss my dudes!
Outta respect I couldn't check my once fist tight crew
Never in front of you I couldn't get dat rude
Ionn give a fuck but I couldn't get dat crew
Cause knowin what I do I can get like (Khh) ouu
You wanna know what I do, don't cha?
You'd love it if I told you lil' fuckers, won't cha?
Uh-unh, scrap gotta pay for this one
Sorry youngin', got to wait on this one (Yes)
The Solution, soon in stores
Date to be posted, until then - I'm on pause

[DJ Khaled talkin']
Yeah, to DJ khaled aka We The Best
Beanie Sigel (Whudd!.. Ain't no more too it)
Give em more man, more

[Verse 3 - Beanie Sigel]
Well fuck it I don't wanna stop
Whatchu forgot the gun'll pop
Tell me who ya wanna rock
This true love, Roc-a-Fella 'till I die
Nigga keep it movin', don't get caught up in this drive-by
The break's over, ya boi 'bout to take over
If dat number one spot opens, give it here (Here)
Get my crown, dust of my chair
And yall niggas can kiss my ass before I sitted there
Back from the dead (Unhh) fresh off the prison tier
Daddy here to put the kids to bed (Get it clear!)
By the way, the wars on - you can't call it off
It's too late once the boss involved
Here I come!!

[Hook]

[Outro - DJ Khaled]
In life--There's real niggas... And there's fuck niggas...
See, We The Bess..
I worked my whole life to show these niggas..
DJ Khaled, Beanie Sigel!!
We The Bess
And all you fuck niggas, trynna divide and conquer crews..
NIGGA, WE THE REALESS~!!!
WE THE BESS!!
DJ Khaled, the beat nova-kane on this one..
Thankyou, but take you time.. And listin to the real..
We The Bess.. I'm STARVIN'!!
I AIN'T EVER GON' STOP!!
Beanie, Mac!! I see ya, I'mma salute cha[Hook: Future]
Let's get it started, let's go dumb and retarded
Let's get high as we wanna, let's go and burn up a forest
Better load up your cartridge, get the car it’s inside it
Let's put in ice in your watches and designer on your body
Let's order bitches and bottles, bitches and bottles
Bitches and bottles, let's order bitches and bottles
Bitches and bottles, bitches and bottles
Bitches and bottles, let's get it started

[Verse 1: T.I.]
I’m turned up till my knob broke you say turn it down I say nah ho
My neck rocky like Balboa, my watch official, it's uncalled for
In the St. regis on all floors, I got six sluts on all fours
They french kissin' say bonjour I got my own shine but I want yours
I’m stupid rich got stupid bitch, who stupid thick in Louboutin
Don’t like me, fuck you again, wanna fight me well come do it then
Right hand to God on everything I see the hearts of men and they very lame
I won’t entertain no punk shit, they talk shit and I run shit
Boy you tryin’ to get what I been here, hold it down for like 10 years
I’m gettin’ it in til it's unreal let’s say one album and like ten mill
Plus my swag is stupid low IQ (dumd), hurt nigga feelin’, I don't try to
But when you ballin’ like I do, you know sucker niggas don’t like you

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
It's Tunechi you bitch you, I like sticky weed and sticky pussy
Sittin' on like a hundred mil, I treat that shit like whoopie cushion
Ballin' on them fuck niggas, they on the bench I bench press em’
They hating from the sidelines, they pissed off, piss test em’
Man I'm on that lean, liquor for the bitches
Who fuckin' wit me? all I hear is crickets
I got stank up in my swisher, my bitch pussy smell like roses
She on that Molly, I'm on that Mary, I'm on that Mary like Joseph
Man I'm married to this shit, you can call it Shit Carter
Dick stay up like it got insomnia
All them niggas hatin, fuck ya in ya pussy
The best things in life are free, free my nigga Boosie, gone

[Hook x2][Intro: Future]
Turn up!
Ya not in
I said "Turn up!"
Wooooo
Bitches and bottles
You know what is it
Ay, (Dj Khaled)

[Hook: Future]
Let's get it started, let's go dumb and retarded
Let's get high as we wanna, let's go and burn up a forest
Better load up your cartridge, get the car it’s inside it
Let's put in ice in your watches and designer on your body
Let's order bitches and bottles, bitches and bottles
Bitches and bottles, let's order bitches and bottles
Bitches and bottles, bitches and bottles
Bitches and bottles, let's get it started

[Verse 1: T.I.]
I’m turned up 'till my knob broke
You say turn it down I say nah ho
My neck rocky like Balboa
My watch official, it's uncalled for
In the St. regis on all floors
I got six sluts on all fours
They french kissin' say bonjour
I got my own shine but I want yours
I’m stupid rich got stupid bitch
Who stupid thick in Louboutin
Don’t like me, fuck you again
Wanna fight me well come do it then
Right hand to God on everything
I see the hearts of men and they very lame
I won’t entertain no punk shit
They talk shit and I run shit
Boy you tryin’ to get what I been here
Hold it down for like 10 years
I’m gettin’ it in til it's unreal
Let’s say one album and like ten mill
Plus my swag is stupid low IQ (dumd)
Hurt nigga feelin’, I don't try to
But when you ballin’ like I do
You know sucker niggas don’t like you, so

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
It's Tunechi you bitch you
I like sticky weed and sticky pussy
Sittin' on like a hundred mil
I treat that shit like whoopie cushion
Ballin' on them fuck niggas
They on the bench I bench press em’
They hating from the sidelines
They pissed off, piss test em’
Man I'm on that lean
Liquor for the bitches
Who fuckin' wit' me?
All I hear is crickets
I got stank up in my swisher
My bitch pussy smell like roses
She on that Molly, I'm on that Mary
I'm on that Mary like Joseph
Man I'm married to this shit
You can call it Shit Carter
Dick stay up like it got insomnia
All them niggas hatin', fuck ya in ya pussy
The best things in life are free
Free my nigga Boosie, gone

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ace Hood]
Ok, now lil' nigga
My clique realer
Dick is fucking my big tipper
In the club 'bout 20 bottles
I make movie like Ben Stiller
Chase money, don't chase hoes
That peach ciroq, I'm on straight liquor
Neck Froze like cold winner
Stand by me in the chinchilla
Presidential got plenty rocks
Red bull like a no jigger
Brain off in the new shit
I told the dealer you can keep it seelin'
Plenty bitches won't get the buissnes
I told dimes my dick decission
Goons with me
New super vision
Mark the dog, It's feels like tention
I hit once and my mind gone
Typer stroke when my dress long
Sea star come make a wish
Come take a flick with ya camera phone
I'm in the club and I'm turn to the max
Better be pretty, I'm turned, I'm back
Clique full a lot
That you know where they at
I will be Chris, So many would die

Hook

[Bridge: Future]
Ay, Let's order bitches and bottles (Dj Khaled)
Let's order bitches and bottles
They're out of era, our models
They're out of era, our models (let's go)

Hook

[Outro: Dj Khaled]
I make hits, I find hits
And I put hits out[DJ Khaled:]
Diaz Brothers
DJ Khaled
I rep my city
Dade County, let's go!

[Trick Daddy:]
Dade County stand up right now
All the way from Carol City to Florida City, Opa-Locka
By way thru Overtown and liberty City
Coconut Grove and South Miami
Windwood, Hialeah, Little Haiti, Little Havana
South Miami Heights P-Rine, Richmond Heights
Naranja, Homestead, and can't forget about gooh
Dade County, let it do what it do

[DJ Khaled:]
Rest in peace to Uncle Al
We The Best
Dade County, let's go
I rep my city
Nigga, I rep my city
Miami, Listennn

[Trick Daddy:]
I'm well-connected, well-respected fo' gangsta shit
I'm from the city of Caprices and Impalas bitch
Yo I'm from down the way, you know--around the way
Dade Country, tre-05, rep the whole M-I-A
A.K.'s and Chevrolets, nappy braids and heads shaved
Look here, shit real, we really get it how we live
We get on heavy creel, we get on heavy pills
Me and my niggas, and my Cubans and my Haitians them
Bitch I'm from Dade County, we go way harder
We do it way bigga (why), cause we some made niggas
For on pray they raised to get money waist
We gon' get it off they pop like we get it down in Dade
Aye

[Hook:]
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County (I'ma be forever thuggin', baby)
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County (I'ma be forever thuggin', baby)

[Trina:]
305, it's my city
Yes, I'm from Dade County
Plus I'm fly, so I keep some bad bitches 'round me
Whuddup Khaled, you my nigga so homey, lemme git 'em
Yes I'm back, plus I'm mad, so I ain't playin' wit 'em
Any bitch wanna come test me
Yup, come to my city, that's where I be
I ride all in the hood in my new Bentley wit' my ass out skirt up
I don't give a fuck (what?!)
Ride out, cause I'm runnin' the south
Got some real gangsta niggas that'll run in ya house
Wanna open my mouth shoot diamonds out
They go "Brra-Tat-Tat" so you betta watch out
Ouch!

[Rick Ross:]
Bitch I got money too
"Trilla" album comin' soon
Triple C's, 305, P-O-E give us room
Whip the keys (twenty-five!), in the kitchen (cookin' food!)
Baby "We The Best", quit, hate the rest
Dade County, you name it (whudd?!)
You roll it, I like it (Ross!)
She rollin' wit moi (moi!)
Talk to 'em like it (yuh!)
Khaled's the boss
Like Ricky's the Ross
Everyone of my doggs, where my dickies in The Source
Come here girl, lemme get you this
This one Rick try to get you rich
Candy paint on my six-six (six), you can call that bitches rich
Like EA Sports, I'm in the game
Fallin' the blaze, causin fo' Dade

[DJ Khaled:]
Doe Boy, Slip-N-Side
Epidemic, Dope Ridas, Cash Money, Terror Squad
Dade County, I do this fo' us
Listennn

[Brisco:]
Yuh, I got money too
Bris', I be comin' thru
Ca$h-Money, money bags (yes!) got me livin' comfortable (Yeah!)
Still hood, still real (Unhh!), Opa-Locka is real (Yeah!)
Off my dogs daddy dad, So horny pooking on them pills
Dade County dope-boy, best believe I'm 'bout dat doe
Chose come up get em yep, we ain't really by that def
Yeah, I'm the future, got the goons 'round me
And yeah I rep my city, bitch
I'm from Dade County

[Flo-Rida:]
Ayy!
Don't you for I really get 'em up throw 'em up, who ya wanna be?
Gitt'em, we hit em, we split 'em, we stick em, touch you wanna mine gotta grill 'em
Boii, the city where they got the illest, killas
M-I-A my niggas, hommie we don't play
Better get out the way, you ain't ever seen real go realer
Do not be thankin' we soft or we sweet
Come on the opposite side of the beach
They gotta the choppas that'll put you to sleep
Yeah, that's them choppas, you know what I mean
That's when I top wanna say about your dreams
We on the tox' clippin' that clean
Holla on the block cause we under degrees
That's what about rep that A-P-T's
Dope-Boy, just call me a Doe Boy
I'm that international boy, Flo-Rida fo' sho boy
Triple C's the second, I get it fo' low, boy
We trillin' cause we the best in Dade County
You better know it, cause

[Hook]

[C-Ride:]
Carol City on my mind, we mobbin' out the line
I'm on dat Chevy on 28's, I'm changin' all lines
We work hard, nigga you sleep, pu-pu-pushin', we run the streets
You are whatchu eat, young pussy, go brush ya teef
Try to keep that Ca$h Money like big city
I got a girl, I got a boy I'm big city
I gotta rep my city, C-Ridin', durrt bags dro hound, let's go get it
Dade County goons, open Dade County cocks ho'
Get yo'self if you don't get with it Dade County my ho!

[Dre:]
Unhh
From the depths of CC to Opa-Locka
D-R-E, North Miami shoot up off ya block
Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same
I got a choppa in the kitchen, Betty Croc is the name (Yup!)
I needs me my Dade County Big Booty ho' she pretty
Let her push the Chevy, hogg thru city
Let 'em know that 54 cuz on the video overtime
They got rockin every city them niggas back pounds of that purp'
Yeah--What it is, what it does, we are th-th-the best
I'm from the city where you need to were somebody go to fast
Ain't no other city realer then the city I stay in
The cake, I reppin the realest city we stay
Nigga!!

[Hook][Intro: Future]
All these chains that I'm wearing is not ordinary
My watches and my rings is not ordinary
Shawty what's the boo

[Pre Hook: DJ Khaled]
Fuckboys hate to see me winning
(They tryna blackball me)
Kept shit 100 from the beginning
(They tryna blackball me)
They wanna see me lose everything I got
(They tryna blackball me)
Y'all keep hating, I'm right here on top

[Hook: Future]
They tryna blackball me, they say I get too much money
They want my name from me because they know what it do
They say I'm A-Rod, nigga, cause I got the juice
They tryna blackball me, went and bought a Ghost as a coupe
Soon as I ordered it, they put it right on the boat
These bitches hungry, they tryna take me to court
They tryna blackball me, I should of went to the pros
They tryna blackball me, I keep a gang of them hoes

[Verse 1: Plies]
I'm tryna fuck me thirty hoes by the end of this month
Ain't drive my Rolls Royce no more, I seen a fuck nigga in one
I heard some niggas downtown tried to jail me up
I heard they tell the Feds everyday to pick me up
But I'm like damn my nigga what I did to you?
And I'm like damn my nigga what you want me to do?
Want me to burn your pussy ass out and knock you off?
Want me to go by your baby momma house and kick in her door?
Guess what? Some 36 niggas, they’ll be here tomorrow
Don’t know what the fuck they goin' on, I’m gonna go buy some Lamar
My homie pulled me to the side and told me tell me the truth
She say she heard I’m fuckin' her sister I say she’ll fuck me and you

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Ace Hood]
Say, when you getting money, that shit bring plenty haters
Just cop that Phantom coupe, I list a Grammy later
White crib a couple acres, she fin that good Jamaica
They tryin to count me out, but bitch I’m back like Schwarzenegger
They tryina blackball me, don’t wanna see me win
Hit after fuckin' hit, like there he go again
They say I’m underrated, I’m just misunderstood
They can’t compare to me, I wish, I wish you would
I’m screaming, "Fuck the world and everything in it"
My homie beat his case, cause they can’t find a witness
You wanna test my G, man fuck this industry
I strap C-4 to your mattress, for those who sleepin' on me

[Hook]

[Bridge: Future]
All these chains that I'm wearing is not ordinary
My watches and my rings is not ordinary
Shawty what's the boo

[Pre Hook]

[Hook][Intro]
We da, we da
Da best
Sping of ours

[Verse 1:]
Yo! Most hated, incorporated with wealth
Underrated, I felt had to operate it with help
Separated myself in these decorated to bail
Got educated and dealt with places safe than the melt
God gift as a kid, blockin up all previous
Like who's not scared of chain too on that park bench
Watch keep shit and shapon sick
You stick to conscience, hit the corner, take over walkmens
Like G money and that Wrangler
Showin this new drug that I had, niggas it's danger
Spittin Basquiat, I'm a painter
Every hard verse, great off work, you can hang up
No need to read the book when the author's here
Everywhere I look feds parkin here
Empty out the clip in yo partner's beard
Why'd he get a shave? Anesthesia and the partners chill

[Hook: x2]
Yo I be creepin slow in the black ghost (all day)
See me slickin those off the black ghost (wussup)
I be fuckin hoes in the black ghost (hah!)
Getting high, UFO in the black ghost

[Verse 2:]
All my niggas can wait 'cus soon all my niggas be straight
And all my niggas will wait then what? All my niggas is safe
Banana clips with the K so that all my niggas be safe
The quick to pitch every day, you don't know my niggas be late
Wait, Frank Noola when I'm last tappin er
Dom's all up in his face like the smack ballad
Was in the lake but move water like the back paddle
They try to name the place so all deserve to mack at you
B4 the C4
Was drug trafficking, travelling, make em detour
Payin preachers, coliseum, listen we need more
Grantin wishes, drippin 6's, preachers off D4
We da best, I don't see the rest
And I'ma be the best so I don't need the rest
Need a short stopper, not without a G to catch
My niggas drove high faster than a G a pack

[Hook: x2]

I'm goneSweatshirt, Domo Genesis, throwin' chairs, killin' shit
I'm half-privileged, think white and have nigger lips
A tad different, mad smart, act ignorant
Shit, I'll pass the class when my dad starts givin' shits
But as long as our relationship is turdless
I'ma keep burning rubber and fucking these beats with burnt dick
Who that, oh, that new coon John Cusack
A Mecca button-up, shoutin' bring Fubu back
Hands full of coke, mouth full of crack mu-zack
Odd Future on the doo-rag, guess who's back
With no hint, we're egging with no tint
Plus it's a shotgun under the seat where your ho sits, uh
The Night Striker, I'm riding her, up-tying her
It's nine Vicodins stuck inside of the windpipes of her
A little bit of sherm sure provokes the fuckin' fight in her
She started bitin' cause I'm givin' cock like it's advice to her
Take that, I'm on top like wave caps
This is grade-A rap, Domo bring that bass back, nigga[Verse 1: Scarface]
­I live just enough for the city so I get by
Money never changed how I felt, would I risk my
Life for a dollar, homie? Nah, I don't think so
Greed breeds jealous niggas out here wanting info's
Catch a nigga slipping, put a bullet in his temple
Homie, it's the same rules, money talks, simple. My kinfolk
Call it what I'm living like the high life
Only if he knew what I had to do to keep my mind right
I tell you I got 20/20 hindsight
See it in the distance, hieroglyphics keep the rhymes tight
My mind like, Game recognize that
Real recognize real, still .45 strapped
Underneath the white tee, Zimmerman get shot down
Hero, it ain't nothing but a sandwich, call the cops now
Fuck the police, stop running
White boys terrorize nigga' neighborhoods, gunning
Down the innocent, in the beginning it's:
"You was doing 50 in the 35"
The ending is: "You fit the description of the subject in this incident
We gon' have to take you downtown for some questioning'"
Damn, a blessing in disguise if you ask me
I was just about to hit the highway with my last key
Could it be that maybe God is intervened
With my life like he did so many times in between?
A half a block away from the crime scene
A minute earlier and that was me, think
I've been knowing Ross since he was Teflon
Same nigga now it was back then, nothing stepped on
Dopeman, dopeman yelling
Cook it 'til it's rock hard, bag it up, sell it
Aroma so loud, so loud that you can smell it
Death to them niggas getting caught go and telling

[Hook: Z-Ro]
Every time I turn around, y'all got something to say about me
But y'all don't know a damn thing about me
Just what you see, that's what you judge me on
Every time I turn around the guilty be pointing fingers at me
Homie, I'm just trying to be all I can be
But not for free, that's what the fuck be wrong
I need that

[Interlude: Rick Ross]
Can't even believe this day here, my nigga
I remember us sitting in the parking lot talking about getting money

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
Cracks in the wall, standing in the puddle
Sunny south Florida, a cold motherfucker
Ready for a war, barely wanna talk
Ballys on, my nigga, as they walking back and forth
Makes you wanna hustle, take care of my brothers
Raymond passed away, here's something for his mother
It never is enough, trying to show her that I love him
We were fishing buddies, breed the dog, split the puppies
Pictures on the wall, bitches we done raw
Niggas getting robbed, the only shit that we can solve
We all wanna get it, ball for a minute
Accept collect calls, tell our dawgs that we did it
Plenty money orders, that what uncle Kenny taught us
Keep your face clean when you're out here bending corners
Always keep in mind, you fall in love a thousand times
Regardless what we went through, I'm still right here by your side
Artificial homies, worse than the agents
When you parking all your cars, they wanna know the payments
Rose petals dripping on the casket
Baby boy done grew into a bastard
On that lean, you know I fuck her fantastic
Work white as Rita Ora in that plastic
Took shots, shed tears, that's war
Bust bottles on yachts, stand tall
Catch a case, don't talk, that's raw
Scarface, Rick Ross: big boys
Big boys, Scarface, Rozay, we big boys

[Hook]

[Outro: Z-Ro]
I need that[Intro: DJ Khaled]
Ayo baby, tell your friends to get with my friends
And we can be friends, this the remix

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Baby, you don’t have to try to read my mind
Cause you know I wanna get it in
And tell me why would we just think about it?
If you want it then I got it
We can be body to body, body to body
I don’t mean to rush you girl
But we should be body to body
Body to body, body to body

[Verse 1: Ace Hood]
What it do lil mama, I was thinking we'd get more acquainted
Baby this the G-mix, we get heated leave them panties ain't it?
She say her last was super wack, his sex was overrated
Gotta give her the good I'm liking the wood and now it's over lady
I give her that pound game, then I slows it up
Nibbling on ya ear, she love that teasing stuff
See you'se a nasty girl, with yo fine ass
If it's wet enough I might just need a wine glass
Ha, I'm super freaky, no top on the ghini
No flaw in my diamonds, a house on my pinky
We body 2 body, I keep me a hottie
She kinky as hell, get it off in the lobbies

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
You only live once, tonight we do it twice
Tell by your handbag that boy don't do you right
Birking baby, go merk 'em baby
Got some pocket change too, now ya working baby
Got her the Bently coupe, she call that old news
My Tamara Braxton, doing shows too
Paid well, like she supposed to
I'm a made man, I'm into old school
No jewels, which is rough for me
But she's so cool, I kiss her carefully
Emergency room, she was there for me
Right back on my feet, I swear I'd never leave

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Wale]
If heaven had a height then you would be that tall but
Ya see all we got is tonight and I ain't tryna see that far
All we need is convenient love
And I don't mean convo when I say I wanna know how deep you are
Ha, look
Flower bomb, matter fact she on that bong
You could ask me all you want, but my name ain't oh my god
Passionate in that sack, passionate with this rap
She scratching all on my back, jaw like fucking up my new tats
Girl work it out, spread it out like word of mouth
You know I'm tryna kill that shit, make sure that urn is out
Now we body to body, go inside and she shaking
Ain't too fond of relationships though my hobby is relation
I ain't really been tricking but Ms. body's persuasive
Keep yo mind out my business, I keep yo body in labels
And I'm stunting, once expired my movements Gordo
My Penn Stated I ain't lying, Shout out Mr. Paterno, word up, Wale

[Chorus][DJ Khaled]
I worked my whole life for this
I seen so many road blocks
So many devils in my way
But to be honest with you I see nobody
I am the best
Liiissstteennnn!!!!!!!!!

[Hook]
Born N Raised In The County Of Dade
[Continues]

[DJ Khaled]
DJ Khaled!! Trick Daddy!! Rick Ross!! Pitbull!! The Runners!!
Liisstteenn!!!!!!!

[Trick Daddy]
A nigga D-I-E I be forever thuggin baby
The same nigga thats why the streets still love me baby
Bitch I'm from Dade County
See Ima seven tre, chevrolet, impala, dunk rider
I blow yo doors off
You race yo car against my car, leave yo ass so far you'll doze off
And when I take off its like I took off
And when I ride by its like I fly by
Its like slow motion, or only three deep
Cuz errwhere I go they be like ya-yo!!
I fit the description, black tee and dickies
Big Glock wit me, A Dade County Nigga!

[Hook]
Born N Raised In The County Of Dade
[Continues]

[Pitbull]
(It's dat lil chico Pitbull
I just like to welcome y'all to where I been
Born, where I been raised, the county of Dade
Ya know we got them boyz that pass by in them ol skool chevys wit the top down
Bass stay bumpin, make the trunk rattle, rearview shake
Then they Look at you with that bold smile and let you know what it is, and what it ain't)

I been born & raised in the county of Dade, land of the haze, the cocaine capital
We ain't just hitting you buddy, we Warren Sapp'n you
We coming hard like them Cubans in the 80's dogg
Go ahead throw in the pot I bet its raw
Pero ten cuidado con un tumbe porque se lo llevan todo
Llamar el babalao pregunta le por un depojo
Pero final de todo tu no puede con los lobos
Everything that I do do, everything that I say say
Everywhere that I go I let 'em know "Hey' I'm from the county of Dade"
Ol school chevy heaven, ol school niggas preachin
Young niggas wylin, getting rich off keys and violence
Trick - he's the mayor, Luke - he's the king
I'm Mr.305 put that on a triple beam
I bet it weigh out more than a boatload of keys
Holla at them Haitians, let 'em know this lick's on me, welcome to Dade

[Rick Ross]
(You See Em, You See Em, Ross, You See Em, You See Em
Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay
Trick, Pitbull, DJ Khaled, 305 M-I Yayo)

I got road dawgs doing that 20 to life
You try me and I'mma get 20 tonight
You think ya bitch bad, Boy I got 20 alike
Not the car but they know I be pushin that white
Dip the chevy in syrup, digital dash
No bank accounts, my money in bags
Go do the physics, cuz when I whip it
Man I love to whip it, that's just another digit
This my city in my city you gotta tote fire
Overtown will bust yo head cuz it won't slide
Brown Sub will wet cha ass like a dunk ride
Ya dead wrong for thinking them chicos won't ride
Opa Locka revolver round that big 4-5
Them Lil Haitians will take ya ass for a boat ride
In Carol City, niggas quick to board a plane wit it
Unpack the sack and kill a gang wit it

[Hook]
Born N Raised In The County Of Dade
[Continues]

[DJ Khaled]
Yea its DJ Khaled Don Dada
Big Dawg Pitbull, Terror Squadin
Aka The Beat Novacaine!!!!!!
R.I.P to my dawg Uncle Al!!!
I Rep My City
Dade County[Dj Khaled]
Ay yo Game, what they do boy
It’s DJ Khaled, I got my black and red Jordan Retro 6′s on
I’m all about gettin' money
I love glorifyin' my hard work, poppin’ bottles
Shit, them hoes love it too, this DJ Khaled, We The Best
Ayo Game, Red Nation

[Hook x2]
All I know is bottles and rockin’ J’s
Bottles and rockin’ J’s
Bottles and rockin’ J’s
Bottles and rockin’ J’s
Bitches and getting money
Bitches and getting money
Bitches and getting money
Bitches and getting money

[Busta Rhymes]
All I know is how to smash on everybody record and do what I do
And make somebody have to go and get a hearse
Yo, Game I don’t really give a fuck if it’s your record
And you my brother, my nigga, look I gotta rhyme first
See the way I coming, how I do the game, church
Ask somebody, you gotta know you gotta need a nurse
Let me bang em with another killa, then we put a couple bottles on the chiller
Kill em with another verse
Everybody see the way I be going and going
How I do it
Niggas don't even be knowing, but then again
Yes they do be knowing how I be banging
In every shit that I give you
All the heat I be packin;
And I show it off
With all this money you know where I’m heading
And I’m gonna get the Jordan’s the patent leather 11's
They really banging all the way down to the bed
And I get a couple pair with all this money I be getting
And I kill 'em with the bop, you see the way a nigga steppin'
And we pop bottles and we rock J’s, see me reppin'
Let me show you way I do it before I hit you with the weapon
Don’t be spillin’ liquor all over my shit, give me a second
Anyway, see we gotta get it up, prolly fill a model up
Let me rev a bottle up
Let me see everybody put your liquor bottles up

[Rick Ross]
Bitches, I’m gettin' money, bottles and rockin' chains
Money like I’m LeBron my whip collection insane
Suicidal thoughts, highway to heaven riding like a boss
Condominium in the clouds, sixty G’s a month
Fifty floors, marble walls, pictures of Boston George
Bitches snortin' blow, fuckin' fast and cookin' dope
Sanctify, Bally shoes, Audemars, Franck Muller that Chopard
My new bitches must menage, I’m a G

[Hook]

[Game]
Bottles and rockin’ J’s
Smokin' and sippin' Spades
Pistol tucked in my Louie
Heated up like I’m Wade
Nigga don’t do LeBron’s, Kobe up on the weekend
Jordan’s Monday through Friday especially when I’m freakin'
Them cool grey’s, thats Monday
Them Space Jams that's Tuesday
Them Spike Lee's on Wednesday
Twenty-three in my Benz eh
You know I love them sixes especially on my bitches
Thirteens and them spandex on Thursday, it’s your birthday
And Friday I ain't lying, King Of Diamonds I’m in heaven
Redbone pussy poppin' on my black and red elevens
Patent leather when I step in
You know what I’m reppin’
It’s S double -O, W- Double O
Black number fours I ain't get it from the store, Bus' know
All I know is

[Hook]

[Fabolous]
I put footprints in them couches
I put so much in my two step
Put on fo' my city, I ain't got no choice but to rep
I put straight shots in they hand
Make pretty girls, do the ugly face
And they just put my song on
Move back I need dougie space like, ay, ay
Then its right back to my muggin’ face
Nigga said put the weed out
BBM, you buggin face
We walked in one some'n, bottles pop like we won some'n
Raise a glass for erry’body that’s done something from nothin
No grind, no shine, dress code, we pay no mind
Cargo’s and J’s on, they let Sun in, no blinds
All I drink is my shit
Stop playin, Youtube
But tonight we on that Red Berry and Cranberry, Soo Woo

[Lil Wayne]
And I’m smokin’ on that purp
Sippin’ on that purp
I came in this bitch with some niggas that will murk
And we ain't bout all that talkn, you a dead man walking
Stomp a nigga ass out, in these number 4 Jordans
Got a scope on the barrel that’s a hammer with a camera
Hollow tips nigga, tip a nigga like a dancer
I don’t know nothing but bitches and gettin money
Blood gang, kill a nigga in public
Young Tunechi
Shoot a nigga ass up then it’s Deuces
Head shots that fucking vest is so useless
Yeah, yo chuck, fuck these niggas
You know who, P-I-RU, killer bees nigga
WHOOO, Young Moula baby

[Hook][Pre-Hook 1: Young Jeezy]
Just got a hundred of that brown paper bag money
You niggas really wanna talk money?
Shit real, that's all I can tell 'em
Just wrap 'em up good so the dogs can't smell 'em

[Hook: Dre]
Brown Paper Bag (thank God for that)
Brown Paper Bag

[Verse 1: Young Jeezy]
Thank God for those days, thank God for those nights
Though it might seem wrong, thank God for that white
They used to call me the Pyrex kid
A.K.A. Young Arm & Hammer
In the kitchen with the pots, yeah I work the glass
Hard on 'em, pimp, yeah I work 'em tass
And when they came in, we unpacked 'em all
Broke 'em all down and unwrapped 'em all
Just two words nigga, duffel bag
Just know it so well, can't help but brag
Gold mouth for 10, mail man got 3
It's just your luck the rap game got me, hold up

[Verse 2: Juelz Santana]
Here we go again
Just spent a hundred of that brown paper bag money, all on Timbs
And the bad bitches all on him
Cause the cars that he drives are all foreign
The game is mine, I'm so far in
I'm speaking with an accent you just caught wind
Can't even relax in my room
That brown paper bag money push my mattress through the roof
This for my niggas getting brown paper bag money
This for my strippers getting black plastic bag money
We talkin' 'bout that bad money
That IRS can't tax money, ya dig me?

[Pre-Hook 2: Rick Ross]
Just made a hundred of that brown paper bag money
I thank God for the mill he prepared for me
Take care my fam and my little dog, money
Thank God for that brown paper bag, that

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3: Rick Ross]
Just pulled over in my CM 5
Big bottle on the dash, hope he let me slide
Got 20 in the trunk, you can bet me five
20 minutes and they dump, I'mma let these fly
We the best! Look at what we drive
Got pic-nic tables on my lap, gettin' high
In the back of the Maybach, and it cost five
Hundred thou on a nigga, spent that with a smile
Stackin' numbers at alarmin' rates
White house, still move brick of ron in a day
I'm that Bin Laden boy, I'll bomb ya state
I ain't come to stay, I got a postbar and a date
Two leaving in a bag, ain't one to brag
You don't know the feelin' when the villain peelin' in a Jag
Just starin' at the ceilin', ten woman at your pad
I was at the center, now I see villain just in fact, I'm a Boss

[Pre-Hook 3: Lil Wayne]
Just spent a hundred of that brown paper bag money
It feels good to be Young Money, Cash Money
Rehab, I'm addicted to fast money
I got stacks of rubber bands up in that

[Hook x2]

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Practice makes perfect, I'm relaxing at rehearsal
I'm a mothafuckin' professional, like Herschel
Walker, the talk of the game, is I
But I wonder will they still be talkin' after I die
But that's not important, money's more important
Understand I been in that water like I was snorklin'
Understand I been in that water like I'm a dolphin
Miami, Khaled took me in like an orphan
Why did they start him, now they can't park him
I go into the booth and just change like Clark Kent
Lamborghini dark tint, philly blunt cigar scent
I'm by myself cause niggas running mouths like auctions
T-Street's my brother, FeFe's my brother
And we stay on point like a fucking box cutter
Ya heard what I say, mothafucka did I stutter
With my brown paper bag here to represent the hustle, I'm out

[Pre-Hook 4: Fat Joe]
Coka baby, man you know I already had money
Definition of that brown paper bag money
Try front and I'll zip you in a bag, money
For the cash, I'll blast anybody, that

[Hook x2]

[Verse 5: Fat Joe]
Ya'll niggas want coca music
Lacostra Nostra flow, show ya how to do this
Pin it so easy, a caveman could do it
Nigga, we simply the best, don't confuse it
I confuse it, critics be hating
Best album yet, don't give me the same rating
I'm waiting top of Rap Rushmore
Etched in stone, right side Pun's noy
Unsure, anythings possible
4 mill spent, bought out the Art Basel
I'm Picasso, in a Versace suit
Don't worry my nigga, Khaled I got you
Not just cause I want to, cause I got to
Put the squad on your back, the impossible
It's only logical to spit it from the heart

[Hook][Intro: Future and DJ Khaled]
We the motherfuckin best nigga
Remix motherfucker!
Ace Hood!
This the remix!

[Hook 1: Future]
I come looking for you with Haitians
I stay smoking on good Jamaican
I fuck bitches from different races
You get money they started hating
(Turn Up!)
I woke up in a new Bugatti (Remix!)
I woke up in a new Bugatti (Remix!)
I woke up in a new Bugatti (Remix!)
I woke up in a new Bugatti (Remix!)
I woke up in a new Bugatti (Remix!)

[Verse 1: Ace Hood]
I woke up in a new Bugatti
Tats all over my body
Gettin' real money, niggas still hatin' on me
Man y'all need a new hobby
Or they won't talk to me, what they gon' say?
I ball, you a waterboy, Bobby Boucher
On top, toupée, y'all niggas fruitcakes
I don't really play games but I keep 2 K's
Damn, Mr. Hood why you do 'em like that?
Pull up in the drop with the ceiling top back
Couple weeks old, "Bugatti" done went gold
You ain't even know, I deserve that plaque
We the best, runnin' every summer in fact
July 16th I'm bringin' the real back
Broward! Pussy

[Bridge: Future]
I woke up in a new Bugatti

[Verse 2: Meek Mill]
Hold up, double M back in this bitch
Walk in the club with a MAC on my hip
Diamonds look like niggas snappin a flick
Ballin' I blow fifty racks in the VIP
I back in the whip, Maybach with your bitch
A new Mussolini in back of the six
I'm shittin' on rappers, these rappers is sick
Cause my homies got whips that these rappers ain't get
Cause we crackin' them bricks and I package the zip
And I'm switchin' my flow, I spit crack in this bitch
And I been hit your ho, now she back on my dick
But I get to the dough and get back at your bitch
Like hollup, I woke up in Coon new Ferrari
With all my motherfuckin' jewelry on me
New Aston Martin plus a Rolls Royce
And a new Ferrari, that's a new Bugatti

[Hook: Future]

[Verse 3: T.I.]
And it's paid for nigga
Got racks, stack 'em up like Lego nigga
I'm a motherfuckin' G, I don't play with no nigga
Multi-millionaire self-made ho nigga
H-U-S-T-L-E gang
For that, in God we trust, we bang
I'm the new John Gotti in a new Bugatti
I got a few young hotties wanna get shit poppin'
Right, put it in the light
Nigga got ice but it don't look right
If a nigga buy a brick and it don't cook right
I'll whip that shit for a rack, sit tight
I got a bag full of tools and some yay to move
And all I want is money, leave the fame to you
I graduated out of gladiator school
So all I know is go like I'm trained to do
Right now, turn my Mazy pedal to the metal I'm ashin' out
I let the top down in my Phantom drop
Blowin', I'm high as an astronaut
When you see me, I'm cashin' out
Walked into Mercedes bought half the lot
You keep carrying on, you getting carried out
Cause I don’t take ass whoopins, just pass ‘em out
Is this worth getting blasted about?
No forreal, is it worth getting blasted about?

[Verse 4: Wiz Khalifa]
Money conversation
Get so high, I be scrapin'
Got my eyes like a Asian
In my ride, like I'm racin'
In the sky, like a plane
It's Gang or die
Ain't no lames up in my circle
Ain't no ho shit in my eyes
Throwin' money in the air
Poppin' bands and let it fly
Where I'm from, you come up short
Pull that thing and let it fly
You know me, blow so much dank, think I'm Marley
Got so much ink on my body
Brought so much drink to the party
I fell asleep and woke up in a new Bugatti

[Hook: Future]

[Verse 5: Birdman]
Fresh, whips
Candy on that money dip
Five hundred, I'm hood rich
Put in work, did a hundred flips
Been about them mansions
Stunna island, we packin'
Rich gang, we uptown
Nigga hardbody and mackin'
Tool on that back, nigga
Money and that power
Mansion on that beach, nigga
Blood red Bugatti
Versace on my bitch, nigga
Blow a mil' like it's a dollar
Stunt

[Bridge: Future]

[Verse 6: French Montana]
Woke up with the crown nigga
Serving Bobby Brown nigga
Started from the bottom now it's Carter, Nino Brown nigga
Take my spot nigga never will
Now I know how 'melo feel
We both shooters from New York
But I shown nigga how the metal feel
Fidel Castro with them cuban links
With Mark Cuban where them Cubans link
Excuse My French nigga, no France
Hottest new niggas in ten years
Coke boy deal like ten M's
DJ Khaled up in there

[Bridge: Future]

[Verse 7: 2 Chainz]
Flow hot as the Mojave, gimme that sloppy shit
All on my car stick, give her some hundreds she did
Like this, I'mma say this
Fuck it, I'll say it
If you got good pussy you should always have your rent paid
Choke on some bands if I'm not mistaken
Add up my outfit, fashion statement
This the school of hard knocks, graduation

[Bridge: Future]

[Verse 8: Ace Hood]
I'm sick of y'all niggas all talkin' crazy
Hottest nigga spittin' and they can't debate it
I didn't really know 2Pac or Big
But know the beast within'll reincarnate 'em
Fuck underrated, I'm constipated
I'm shittin' on 'em, fuck toilet paper
You're now tuned into the fuckin' greatest
Ace Hood, congratulations
Say name one nigga that's rockin' with him
Flow like a hundred round choppa nigga
Made a way out of the jungle
And now they in trouble, I used to be humble as shit
Recently flooded my neck and my wrist
Tell all them critics to suck on the dick
Nigga

[Bridge: Future]