[Court Officer: D.O.C.]
Right about now, N.W.A. court is in full effect
Judge Dre presiding
In the case of N.W.A. vs. the Police Department
Prosecuting attorneys are MC Ren, Ice Cube
And Eazy-motherfucking-E

[The Judge: Dr. Dre]
Order, order, order
Ice Cube, take the motherfucking stand
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth
And nothing but the truth so help your black ass?

[Witness: Ice Cube]
You goddamn right!

[Dr. Dre]
Well won't you tell everybody what the fuck you gotta say?

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Fuck the police coming straight from the underground
A young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown
And not the other color so police think
They have the authority to kill a minority
Fuck that shit, cause I ain't the one
For a punk motherfucker with a badge and a gun
To be beating on, and throwing in jail
We can go toe to toe in the middle of a cell
Fucking with me cause I'm a teenager
With a little bit of gold and a pager
Searching my car, looking for the product
Thinking every nigga is selling narcotics
You'd rather see, me in the pen
Than me and Lorenzo rolling in a Benz-o
Beat a police out of shape
And when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape
To tape off the scene of the slaughter
Still getting swoll off bread and water
I don't know if they fags or what
Search a nigga down, and grabbing his nuts
And on the other hand, without a gun they can't get none
But don't let it be a black and a white one
Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top
Black police showing out for the white cop
Ice Cube will swarm
On any motherfucker in a blue uniform
Just cause I'm from the CPT
Punk police are afraid of me, huh
A young nigga on the warpath
And when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath
Of cops, dying in L.A
Yo Dre, I got something to say

[Hook]
Fuck Tha Police (Repeat x4)

[Scene 1]
[Cop] Pull your god damn ass over right now
[Ren] Aww shit, now what the fuck you pullin me over for?
[Cop] Cause I feel like it!
Just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up
[Ren] Man, fuck this shit
[Cop] Aight, smartass, I'm taking your black ass to jail!

[Dr. Dre]
MC Ren, will you please give your testimony
To the jury about this fucked up incident?

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Fuck the police and Ren said it with authority
Because the niggas on the street is a majority
A gang, is with whoever I'm stepping
And the motherfucking weapon is kept in
A stash box, for the so-called law
Wishing Ren was a nigga that they never saw
Lights start flashing behind me
But they're scared of a nigga so they mace me to blind me
But that shit don't work, I just laugh
Because it gives them a hint not to step in my path
For police, I'm saying, "Fuck you punk!"
Reading my rights and shit, it's all junk
Pulling out a silly club, so you stand
With a fake-ass badge and a gun in your hand
But take off the gun so you can see what's up
And we'll go at it punk, and I'mma fuck you up!
Make you think I'mma kick your ass
But drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast
I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime
But I'mma smoke them now and not next time
Smoke any motherfucker that sweats me
Or any asshole that threatens me
I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope
Taking out a cop or two, they can't cope with me
The motherfucking villain that's mad
With potential, to get bad as fuck
So I'mma turn it around
Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound
{*BOOM, BOOM*}
Yeah, something like that
But it all depends on the size of the gat
Taking out a police would make my day
But a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck to say

[Hook]

[Scene 2]
[Cop] {*knocking on the door*}
[Eazy] Yeah man, what you need?
[Cop] Police, open now
[Eazy] Aww shit
[Cop] We have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest
[Cop] Get down and put your hands up where I can see 'em
(Move motherfucker, move now!)
[Eazy] What the fuck did I do, man what did I do?
[Cop] Just shut the fuck up
And get your motherfucking ass on the floor
(You heard the man, shut the fuck up!)
[Eazy] But I didn't do shit
[Cop] Man just shut the fuck up!

[Dr. Dre]
Eazy-E, won't you step up to the stand
And tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit?

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
I'm tired of the motherfucking jacking
Sweating my gang, while I'm chilling in the shack, and
Shining the light in my face, and for what?
Maybe it's because I kick so much butt
I kick ass -- or maybe cause I blast
On a stupid-ass nigga when I'm playing with the trigger
Of an Uzi or an AK
Cause the police always got something stupid to say
They put out my picture with silence
Cause my identity by itself causes violence
The E with the criminal behavior
Yeah, I'm a gangsta, but still I got flavor
Without a gun and a badge, what do ya got?
A sucker in a uniform waiting to get shot
By me, or another nigga
And with a gat it don't matter if he's smaller or bigger
(MC Ren: Size don't mean shit, he's from the old school fool)
And as you all know, E's here to rule
Whenever I'm rolling, keep looking in the mirror
And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a
Dumb motherfucker with a gun
And if I'm rolling off the 8, he'll be the one
That I take out, and then get away
While I'm driving off laughing this is what I'll say

[Hook]

The verdict

[Dre] The jury has found you guilty of being a redneck
White bread, chickenshit motherfucker
[Cop] But wait, that's a lie! That's a god damn lie!
[Dre] Get him out of here!
[Cop] I want justice!
[Dre] Get him the fuck out my face!
[Cop] I want justice!
[Dre] Out, right now!
[Cop] Fuck you, you black motherfuckers!

[Hook][Intro: Dr. Dre]
You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Straight outta Compton, crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube
From the gang called Niggas Wit Attitudes
When I'm called off, I got a sawed-off
Squeeze the trigger and bodies are hauled off
You too boy if you fuck with me
The police are gonna have to come and get me
Off yo ass, that's how I'm going out
For the punk motherfuckers that's showing out
Niggas start to mumble, they wanna rumble
Mix em and cook em in a pot like gumbo
Going off on a motherfucker like that
With a gat, that's pointed at
Yo ass--so give it up smooth
Ain't no telling when I'm down for a jack move
Here's a murder rap to keep you dancing
With a crime record like Charles Manson
AK-47 is the tool
Don't make me act the motherfucking fool
Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe
I'm knocking niggas out the box, daily
Yo weekly, monthly and yearly
Until them dumb motherfuckers see clearly
That I'm down with the capital C-P-T
Boy, you can't fuck with me
So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck
Cause Ice Cube is crazy as fuck
As I leave, believe I'm stomping
But when I come back boy, I'm coming straight outta Compton

[Eazy E]
Yo Ren

[MC Ren]
Whassup

[Eazy E]
Tell em where you from

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
Straight outta Compton, another crazy ass nigga
More punks I smoke, yo my rep gets bigger
I'm a bad motherfucker and you know this
But the pussy-ass niggas won't show this
But I don't give a fuck, I'mma make my snaps
If not from the records, from jacking or craps
Just like burglary, the definition is jacking
And when illegally armed it's called packing
Shoot a motherfucker in a minute
I find a good piece of pussy and go up in it
So if you're at a show in the front row
I'mma call you a bitch or dirty-ass ho
You'll probably get mad like a bitch is supposed to
But that shows me slut, you're composed to
A crazy motherfucker from the street
Attitude legit cause I'm tearing up shit
MC Ren controls the automatic
For any dumb motherfucker that starts static
Not the right hand cause I'm the hand itself
Every time I pull a AK off the shelf
The security is maximum and that's a law
R-E-N spells Ren but I'm raw
See, cause I'm the motherfucking villain
The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killing
That's taking place without a clue
And once you're on the scope, your ass is through
Look, you might take it as a trip
But a nigga like Ren is on a gangsta tip
Straight outta Compton

[Dr. Dre]
Eazy is his name and the boy is coming

[Verse 3: Eazy E]
Straight outta Compton
Is a brother that'll smother your mother
And make your sister think I love her
Dangerous motherfucker raising hell
And if I ever get caught, I make bail
See I don't give a fuck, that's the problem
I see a motherfucking cop, I don't dodge him
But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while
And when I see a punk pass, I smile
To me it's kinda funny, the attitude showing a nigga driving
But don't know where the fuck he's going, just rolling
Looking for the one they call Eazy
But here's a flash, they never seize me
Ruthless
Never seen like a shadow in the dark
Except when I unload
You see I'll get over the hesitation
And hear the scream of the one who got the lead penetration
Give a little gust of wind and I'm jetting
But leave a memory no one'll be forgetting
So what about the bitch who got shot, fuck her
You think I give a damn about a bitch, I ain't a sucker
This is an autobiography of the E
And if you ever fuck with me
You'll get taken by a stupid dope brother who will smother
Word to the motherfucker
Straight outta Compton

Damn, that shit was dope[Intro: Dresta]
"Yeah, Gangsta Dresta steps in this, motherfucker. And this one goes out to all the O.G.'s out there. And I can't forget about the baby gangstas, what's up, niggas? My nigga they came back with some of that old school original west coast shit, nigga. That got all of y'all in this dig in the first place, yeah. So run that shit E, yeah."

[Verse 1]
Cruising down the street in my 6-4
Jockin the freaks, slapping the hoes
Went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there cold shooting some hoops
A car pulls up, who can it be?
A fresh El Camino rolling Kilo G
He rolls down his window and he started to say
It's all about making that GTA

[Hook]
Cause the boys in the hood are always hard
You come talking that trash we'll pull your card
Knowing nothing in life but to be legit
Don't quote me boy cause I ain't said shit

[Verse 2]
Donald B's in the place to give me the pace
He said my man JD is on freebase
The boy JB was a friend of mine
Til I caught him in my car trying to steal my Alpine
Chased him up the street to call a truce
The silly cluck head pulled out a deuce-deuce
Little did he know I had a loaded 12 gauge
One sucker dead, LA Times front page

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Bored as hell and I wanna get ill
So I went to a place where my homeboys chill
The fellas out there, making that dollar
I pulled up in my 6-4 Impala
They greet me with a 40 and I started drinking
And from the 8-ball my breath start stinking
Left to get my girl, to rock that body
Before I left I hit the Bacardi
Went to her house to get her out of the pad
Dumb ho said something that made me mad
She said something that I couldn't believe
So I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy ass weave
She started talking shit, wouldn't you know?
Reached back like a pimp and slapped the ho
Her father jumped up and he started to shout
So I threw a right cross cold knocked him out

[Hook]

[Verse 4]
I'm rolling hard now I'm under control
Then wrapped my 6-4 round the telephone pole
I looked at my car and I said, "Oh brother
I throw it in the gutter and go buy another"
Walking home I see the G ride
Now Kat is drivin Kilo on the side
As they busted a U, they got pulled over
An undercover cop in a dark green Nova
Kat got beaten for resisting arrest
He socked the pig in the head for rippin his Guess
Now G is caught for doing the crime
Fourth offence on the boy, he'll do some time

[Hook]

[Verse 5]
I went to get them out but there was no bail
The fellas caused a riot in the county jail
Two days later in municiple court
Kilo G on trial cold cut a fart
Disruption of a court, said the judge
On a six-year sentence my man didn't budge
Bailiff came over to turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out "FIRE!" then came Suzy
The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi
The police shot the girl but didn't hurt her
Both up state for attempted murder

[Hook][Intro]
*sirens*
[Person 1:] “Ah shit. Man, them black gangstas are at it again. I wonder who they fucked up today.”
*screeching tires*
[Person 2:] “You, motherfucker!”
*machine gun fires*
[Dr. Dre:] “Got him.”

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Here's a little somethin' bout a nigga like me
Never shoulda been let out the penitentiary
Ice Cube would like ta say
That I'm a crazy mothafucka from around the way
Since I was a youth, I smoked weed out
Now I'm the mutha fucka that ya read about
Takin' a life or two that's what the hell I do
You don't like how I'm livin well fuck you!
This is a gang, and I'm in it
My man Dre'll fuck you up in a minute
With a right left, right left you toothless
And then you say goddamn they ruthless!
Everwhere we go they say [damn!]
N W A's fuckin' up tha program
And then you realize we don't care
We don't just say no, we to busy sayin' yeah!
About drinkin' straight out the eight bottle
Do I look like a mutha fuckin role model?
To a kid lookin' up ta me
Life ain't nothin but bitches and money
Cause I'm tha type o' nigga that's built ta last
If ya fuck wit me I'll put a foot in ya ass
See I don't give a fuck cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'

[Hook:]

Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin
KRS One Sample: "It's not about a salary, it's all about reality"
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin
Sample: "Hopin you sophisticated motherfuckers hear what I have to say"

[Verse 2: Ice Cube]
When me and my posse stepped in the house
All the punk-ass niggas start breakin out
Cause you know, they know whassup
So we started lookin for the bitches with the big butts
Like her, but she keep cryin
"I got a boyfriend" Bitch stop lyin
Dumb-ass hooker ain't nuttin but a dyke
Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like
Walked over to em, and said, "Whassup?"
The first nigga that I saw, hit em in the jaw
Ren started stompin em, and so did E
By that time got rushed by security
Out the door, but we don't quit
Ren said, "Let's start some shit!"
I got a shotgun, and here's the plot
Takin niggas out with a flurry of buckshots
Boom boom boom, yeah I was gunnin
And then you look, all you see is niggas runnin
And fallin and yellin and pushin and screamin
And cussin, I stepped back, and I kept bustin
And then I realized it's time for me to go
So I stopped, jumped in the vehicle
It's like this, because of that who-ride
N.W.A. is wanted for a homicide
Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
Fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass
See I don't give a fuck, cause I keep bailin
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin?

[Hook]
"He'll tell you exactly how he feel, and don't want a fuckin thing back"

[Verse 3: Ice Cube]
Homies all standin’ around, just hangin’
Some dope-dealin’, some gang-bangin’
We decide to roll and we deep
See a nigga on Dayton's and we creep
Real slow, and before you know
I had my shotgun pointed in the window
He got scared, and hit the gas
Right then, I knew I has to smoke his ass
He kept rollin’, I jumped in the bucket
We couldn't catch him, so I said fuck it
Then we headed right back to the fort
Sweatin’ all the bitches in the biker shorts
We didn't get no play, from the ladies
With six niggas in a car are you crazy?
She was scared, and it was showin’
We all said "Fuck you bitch!" and kept goin’
To the hood, and we was fin to
Find somethin’ else to get into
Like some pussy, or in fact
A bum rush, but we call it rat pack
On a nigga for nothin’ at all
Ice Cube'll go stupid when I'm full of eight ball
I might stumble, but still won't lose
Now I'm dressed in the county blues
Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
If you fuck with me, I'll put my foot in your ass
I don't give a fuck, cause I keep bailin’
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin’?

[Interlude: Ice Cube, Dr. Dre]

Ice Cube: Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this shit
Dr. Dre: Man whatcha gonna do now?
Sample: "What we're gonna do right here is go way back"
Dr. Dre: How far you goin back?
Sample: "Way back"
Slick Rick Sample: "As we go a lil somethin like this"

Ice Cube:

Here's a lil gangsta, short in size
A t-shirt and Levi's is his only disguise
Built like a tank yet hard to hit
Ice Cube and Eazy E cold runnin shit

[Verse 4: Eazy E]
Well I'm Eazy E the one they're talkin about
Nigga tried to roll the dice and just crapped out
Police tried to roll, so it's time to go
I creeped away real slow and jumped in the six-fo'
Wit the "Diamond in the back, sun-roof top"
Diggin the scene with the gangsta lean
Cause I'm the E, I don't slang or bang
I just smoke motherfuckers like it ain't no thang
And all you bitches, you know I'm talkin to you
"We want to fuck you Eazy!" I want to fuck you too
Cause you see, I don't really take no shit
[MC Ren: So let me tell you motherfuckers who you're fuckin with]
Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
If you fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass
I don't give a fuck, cause I keep bailin
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin?

[Hook x2][Intro]
Dr. Dre: Yo, man, it's a lot of brothers out there flakin' and perpetratin' but scared to kick reality
Ice Cube: Man, you've been doin' all this dope producing, but you ain't had a chance to show 'em what time it is
Dr. Dre: So what you want me to do? ... (Express yourself)

[Verse 1]
I'm expressing with my full capabilities
And now I'm living in correctional facilities
Cause some don't agree with how I do this
I get straight, meditate like a Buddhist
I'm dropping flavor, my behavior is hereditary
But my technique is very necessary
Blame it on Ice Cube, because he says it gets funky
When you got a subject and a predicate
Add it on a dope beat and that'll make you think
Some suckers just tickle me pink
To my stomach, cause they don't flow like this one
You know what? I won't hesitate to dis one
Or two before I'm through, so don't try to sing this
Some drop science, well I'm dropping English
Even if Yella makes it a cappella
I still express, yo I don't smoke weed or sess
Cause it's known to give a brother brain damage
And brain damage on the mic don't manage nothing
But making a sucker and you equal, don't be another sequel

[Hook]
Express yourself
Come on and do it

[Verse 2]
Now, getting back to the PG, that's program, and it's easy
Dre is back, new jacks, I mean hollow
Expressing ain't their subject because they like to follow
The words, the style, the trend, the records I spin
Again and again and again, yo, you on the other end
Watch a brother saying dope rhymes with no help
There's no fessing and guessing while I'm expressing myself
It's crazy to see people be
What society wants them to be, but not me
Ruthless is the way to go, they know
Others say rhymes that fail to be original
Or they kill where the hip-hop starts
Forget about the ghetto and rap for the pop charts
Some musicians curse at home
But scared to use profanity when up on the microphone
Yeah, they want reality but you won't hear none
They rather exaggerate a little fiction
Some say no to drugs and take a stand
But after the show they go looking for the dopeman
Or they ban my group from the radio, hear N.W.A and say "Hell no!"
But you know it ain't all about wealth as long as you make a note to...

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
From the heart cause if you wanna start to move up the chart
Then expression is a big part of it
You ain't efficient when you flow
You ain't swift, moving like a tortoise, full of rigor mortis
There's a little bit more to show
I got rhymes in my mind, embedded like an embryo
Or a lesson, all of 'em expression
And if you start fessing, I got a Smith and Wesson for you
I might ignore your record because it has no bottom
I get loose in the summer and in the spring and autumn
It's Dre on the mic, getting physical
Doing the job, N.W.A is the lynch mob
Yes, I'm macabre but you know you need this
And the knowledge is growing, just like a fetus
Or a tumor but here's the rumor
Dre is in the neighborhood and he's up to no good
When I start expressing myself, Yella slam it
Cause If I stay funky like this, I'm doing damage
Or I'mma be too hyped and need a straight jacket
I got knowledge and other suckers lack it
So, when you see Dre, a DJ on the mic
Ask what it's like, it's like we getting hype tonight
Cause if I strike, it ain't for your good health
But I won't strike if you just

[Hook][Dr. Dre]
Hey yo, remember that shit Eazy did a while back
Motherfuckers said it wasn't gonna work (word)
That crazy shit, yeah the stupid shit, man
Hey yo Eazy! (Sup?)
Hey man why don't you come off the piano for a minute
And bust this crazy shit

[Eazy-E]
Woke up quick at about noon
Just thought that I had to be in Compton soon
I gotta get drunk before the day begins
Before my mother starts bitchin bout my friends
About to go and damn near went blind
Young niggas in the path throwin up gang signs
Ran in the house and grabbed my clip
With the MAC-10 on the side of my hip
Bailed outside and pointed my weapon
Just as I thought, the fools kept steppin
Jumped in the fo' hit the juice on my ride
I got front and back and side to side
Then I let the Alpine play
Bumpin new shit by NWA
It was "Gangsta Gangsta" at the top of the list
Then I played my old shit, it went somethin like this:

Cruisin down the street in my six-fo'
Jockin the bitches, slappin the hoes
Went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there cold shootin some hoops
A car pulls up, who can it be?
A fresh El Camino rollin', Kilo G
He rolled down his window and he started to say
It's all about makin that GTA

[Hook]
Cuz the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin that trash we'll pull your card
Knowin nothin in life but to be legit
Don't quote me boy, cuz I ain't said shit

[Eazy-E]
Donald B's in the place to give me the pace
He said my man JB is on freebase
The boy JB was a friend of mine
Til I caught him in my car tryin to steal my Alpine
Chase him up the street to call a truce
The silly motherfucker pull out a deuce-deuce
Little did he know I had a loaded 12 gauge
One sucker dead, LA Times front page

[Hook]

[Eazy-E]
Bored as hell and I wanna get ill
So I went to a spot where my homeboys chill
The fellas out there, makin that dolla
I pulled up in my 6-4 Impala
They greet me with a 40 and I start drinkin
And from the 8-ball my breath starts stinkin
Love to get my girl, to rock that body
Before I left I hit the Bacardi
Went to her house to get her out of the pad
Dumb ho said something that made me mad
She said somethin that I couldn't believe
So I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy ass weave
She started talkin shit, wouldn't you know?
Reached back like a pimp and slapped the ho
Her father jumped up and he started to shout
So I threw a right across and knocked his old ass out

[Hook]

[Eazy-E]
I'm rollin hard now I'm under control
Then wrapped the six-fo' round a telephone pole
I looked at my car and I said, "Oh brother
I'll throw it in the gutter and go buy another"
Walkin home and I see the G ride
Now Cat is drivin Kilo on the side
As they busted a U, they got pulled over
An undercover cop in a dark green Nova
Cat got beaten for resistin arrest
He socked the pig in the head for rippin his Guess
Now G is caught for doin the crime
Fourth offense on the boy, he'll do some time

[Hook]

[Eazy-E]
I went to get them out but there was no bail
The fellas caused a riot in the county jail
Two days later in municiple court
Kilo G on trial cold cut a fart
Distruption of the court, said the judge
On a six year sentence my man didn't budge
Bailiff came over to turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out "FIRE!", then came Suzy
The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi
Police shot the bitch but didn't hurt her
Both up state for attempted murder

[Hook][Little Girl Voice]
He was once a thug from around the way. Eazy, but you should

[Eazy-E]
Bitch, Shut the fuck up. Get the fuck out of here
Yo Dre! (What's up?) give me a funky ass bass line

[Intro Hook]
What the fuck is up?
In the place to be
Coming on the mic is Eazy Mothafuckin-E
Dre is on the beat
Yella's on the cut
So listen up close while we rip shit up (shit up x5)

[Verse 1]
Well I'm Eazy-E, I got bitches galore
You may have a lot of bitches but I got much more
Wit my super duper group coming out the chute
Eazy-E, muthafukas cold knocking the boots
Cause I'm a hip-hop thugster, I used to be a mugster
If you heard (Compton), you think I own a drugstore
Getting stupid because I know how
And if a sucker talks shit, I give him a (POW)
8 ball sipping, the bitches are flipping
Slow down, I hit a dip and, continue my tripping
Hitting my switches, collect from my bitches
The money that I make so I can add to my riches
Fill my stash box and start rubbing my gat
Feeling good as hell because my pockets are fat
A hardcore villian cold roaming the streets
And wit a homie like Dre just supplying the beats

[Hook]
Because I'm a gansta having fun
Never leave the pad without packing a gun
Hitting hard as fuk, I make you ask what was it
Boy you should have known by now, Eazy duz it

I was knocking muthafukas out
What's your name boy
Funky, fresh Eazy-E
Kick, kick that shit
Where you from fool, Compton, yea

[Verse 2]
Rolling through the hood, cold tearing shit up
Stick my head out the window and I say what's up
To the niggas on the corner cold bumping the box
But you know that's an alibi for slanging the rocks
A dice game started so I said what the fuck
So I put my shit in park and had to try my luck
Hard to roll wit my bitch jocking 24-7
Rolled them muthafukas, ate 'em up, hit 11
Got another point, I made a ten a fo'
Was taking niggas money and was itching for mo'
Laughing in their faces and said you're all making me rich
Till one punk got jealous, cold slap my bitch
He pulled out his gat, I knew he wouldn't last
So I said to myself, homeboy, you better think fast
He shot (gunshots), Then I shot (gunshots)
As you can see, I cold smoked his ass (ha ha)

[Hook]

(Wait a minute, wait a minute, who does it)
Muthafuking Eazy duz it
But how does he do it
Eazy duz it do it eazy
That's what I'm doing
STOP
Man whatcha gonna do now

[Verse 3]
Now I'm a break it down just to tell a little story
Straight out the box from the gangsta category
About a sucker, a sucker muthafuka
He's addicted, he's a smoker but in Compton called a clucker
He used to have a house car and golden rings
But the cooky cooky crack took all those things
He must of been starving cause he broke in my house
Caught the nigga on the street and straight took his ass out
Now I'm wanted for a murder that I had to commit
Yea I went to jail but that wasn't shit
Got to the station about a quarter of nine
Call my bitch to get me out cause I was down for mine
The bitch was a trip cold hung up the phone
Now my only phone call was in the ganking zone
All the SHIT I did for her like keeping her rich
I swear when I get out, I'm gonna kill the bitch
Well by now you should know it was just my luck
The baliff of the station was a neighborhood cluck
I looked him straight in the eye and said what's up
And said let's make a deal, you know I'll do you up
Now back on the streets and my records are clean
I creeped on my bitch wit my uzi machine
Went to the house and kicked down the do'
Unloaded like hell, cold smoked the ho

[Hook]

From around the way, born in '73
Harcore B-boy named Eazy-E
It's '88 now, '73's obselete
A nigga wit a serious ass attitude and 100% street
And if you all wanna hear some more
In one way or the other, I'm a bad brother
Word to the muthafuka[Intro:]
And why do we call ourself 'Niggas 4 Life'
Cause if we die we still gon' be some dead niggas

"You don't really think you're gonna get away, do you?"
"We haven't spotted them yet."
"But they're somewhere in the immediate vicinity."

[MC Ren]
A 100 Miles and Runnin'
MC Ren, I hold the gun and
You want me to kill a mutherfucker and it's done in
Since I'm stereotyped to kill and destruct -
Is one of the main reasons I don't give a fuck
Chances are usually not good
Cause I'm frisked with my hands on a hot hood
And gettin' jacked by the you-know-who
When in a black and white the capacity is two
We're not alone, we're three more brothers, I mean street-brothers
Now wearing medallions, cause we're not stupid, mutherfuckers
They're out to take our heads for what we said in the past
Point blank - They can kizz my black azz
I didn't stutter when I said "Fuck Tha Police"
Cause it's hard for a nigga to get peace
Now it's broken and can't be fixed
Cause police and little black niggers don't mix so
Now I'm creepin' through the fall
Runnin' like a team. Well, see, I might have slayed y'all
So for now pack the gun and
Hold it in the air
Cause MC Ren has a 100 Miles of Runnin'...

"Into this news. Four fugitives are on the run."
"FBI sources tell us that the four are headed"
"100 miles to their homebase, Compton."

[Dr. Dre]
Lend me a mutherfuckin' ear
[Eazy-E]
So I can tell you why...

[Dr. Dre]
Runnin' with my brothers, headed for the homebase
With a steady pace on the face that just we raced
The road ahead goes on and on
The shit is gettin' longer than the mutherfuckin' marathon
Runnin' on but never runnin' out
Stayin' wired and if I get tired, I can still try out
Hitchhikin' if that's what it gotta do
But nobody's pickin' up a Nigga Witta Attitude
Confused...
Yo, but Dre's a nigga with nuthin' to lose
One of the few who's been accused and abused
Of the crime of poisonin' young minds
But you don't know shit til you been in my shoes
And Dre is back from the C-P-T
Droppin' some shit that's D-O-P-E
So fuck the P-O-L-I-C-E!
And any mutherfucker that disagrees
Stuck and runnin' hard, hauling ass
Cause I been a nigga known for havin' a notorious past
My mind was slick - my temper was too quick
Now the FBI's all over my dick

[Eazy E]
Got the stick and runnin' just to find the gun that started the clock
That's when the E jumped off the startin' block
A 100 Miles from home and ,yo, it's a long stretch
A little sprintin' mutherfucker that they won't catch
Yeah, back to Compton again
Yo, it's either that or the Federal pen
Cause niggas been runnin' since beginning of time
Takin' a minute to tell you what's on my mutherfuckin' mind
Runnin' like I just don't care
Compton's 50 miles but , yo, I'mma get there
Archin' my back and on a straight rough
Just like Carl Lewis I'm ballin' the fuck out
From city to city I'm a menace as I pass by
Rippin' up shit just so you can remember I'm
A straight up nigga that's done in, gunnin' and comin'
Straight at yo ass
A 100 Miles and Runnin'...

Interlude:

This one goes out to the four brothers from Compton
You're almost there, but the FBI has a little message for you:
"Nowhere to run to, baby. Nowhere to hide."
Good luck brothers

[MC Ren]
Runnin' like a nigga I hate to lose
Show me on the news but I hate to be abused
I know it was a set-up
So now I'm gonna get up
Even if the FBI wants me to shut up
But I've got 10 000 niggas strong
They got everybody singin' my "Fuck Tha Police" song
And while they treat my group like dirt
Their whole fuckin' family is wearin' our T-shirts
So I'mma run til I can't run no more
Cause it's time for MC Ren to settle the score
I got a urge to kick down doors
At my grave like a slave even if the Ren calls

[Dr. Dre]
Clouds are dark and brothers are hidin'
Dick-tricklin' at the sunny mutherfucker's are ridin'
Started with five and, yo, one couldn't take it
So now there's four cause the fifth couldn't make it
The number's even - now I'm leavin'
We're never gettin' took by a bitch with a weave in
Her and the troops are right behind me
But they're so fuckin' stupid, they'll never find me

[Eazy E]
One more mile to go through the dark streets
Runnin' like a mutherfucker on my own two feet
But you know I never stumble or lag last
I'm almost home so I better haul ass
Tearin' up everything in sight
It's a little crazy mutherfucker dodging the searchlight
Now that chase, the shit, is done and
Four mutherfuckers goin' crazy with
A 100 Miles of Runnin'!

Outro:

Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!
Surprise, niggas![Intro]
Eazy-E: Yo Dre where's the goddamn drum machine?
Dre: Ah shit, I left the motherfucker with Pooh
Eazy-E:You dumb motherfucker what the fuck we gonna do now?
Yella: Hey man I got some drums in the back
Dre: Man what the fuck is he talking bout
Ren: Yo does it look like we can play some fucking drums?
Yella: Man I can play the drums
Everyone else: Bullshit!
Yella: Man I used to fuck it up at Compton High
Ren: Give this nigga some sticks
Yo Fuck it up Yella

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
Yo we're two hard motherfuckers
Taking out any punk ass suckers
Can you believe this? if so be frightened
Were strong as fuck, with the power of a titan
Setting a mark of destruction get it
So don't front, and say you ain't with it
You wanna rumble with us you can't hang
Because we're something like a two man gang
Starting some shit is what we do best
Just care about ourself and say fuck the rest
So yo Eazy, bust it and shoot to kill
And tell these stupid motherfuckers the deal

[Verse 2: Eazy-E]
I look you dead in the eye then I spit
I tell you to your face punk you ain't shit
I don't give a god damn about feelings
I'm just happy just as long as I'm killing
A 187's in progress, nigga
Just as soon as I pull this trigger
Automatic heavily, I start firing
And the kids on the block, I'm the one they're admiring
A bad mouth nigga on the violent tip
I catch you talking some shit and I'mma bust your lip
Now who you gonna tell that I'm making you soft
The police ain't shit cause I'm paying 'em off
I move slow, always ready to go so fuck it
And bitches on my dick, they know that they can suck it
I'm a hardhead, always having a fit
When I'm not allowed to tear up shit
I'm a hard motherfucker

[Hook]
Two of the hardest motherfuckers
(Repeat x4)

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
Now look at me I'm a crazed bitch
With a gangster profanity pitch
Ren is a nigga that don't give a fuck
To a pussy ass fool trying to press his luck
I'm ready to scrap that's if you're ready to go
I'll take you out going toe to toe
E will start a conversion and hit you from the back
While you getting fucked by a ruthless jack
Critical condition is what you receive
Thinking of some back up to go and retrieve
But Eazy tell what would happen my man
(They would get fucked up by a ruthless clan)
So it's simple, we don't give a fuck right
So you and your boy can get the fuck out my sight
I'm on tilt with class getting ready to blast
Cause I'm a hard motherfucker

[Hook]

[Eazy-E]
Eazy and Ren is fucking it up again
Scheming up a plot before we begin
Because niggas like to stare like a bitch sometimes
They say how could them niggas have some hell of a rhymes

[M.C. Ren]
It's simple tell 'em what we mean
When the two baddest motherfuckers step on the scene

[Eazy-E]
Now this is some shit

[M.C. Ren]
Yo what are you saying

[Eazy-E]
You stupid motherfuckers, they think I'm playing
Talking all kind of shit of shit but I'm cracking it up
I can afford to laugh cause I'm backing it up
I'm not a buster I'm more like a hitman
So if you don't wanna throw then you can get down
You don't like the fuck away from me
So you can stop the shit, trying to fuck the E

[M.C. Ren]
You heard what he said and it's the truth so whats up
So if you want me to go well I'm about to nut up
The two baddest motherfuckers alive
So I don't think that you and your boys can survive
You gotta girl, well if she's good to go
I bet me and E already fucked the ho
A train was in effect and your bitch was rocked
By a hell of a nigga that was hard to stop

[Eazy-E]
Yo Ren lets jet let's get the fuck on out

[M.C. Ren]
Because everybody knows what we're talking about
We're two hard motherfuckers

[Hook][Intro: The D.O.C. & Fresh K]
Here's a mix to make you move, smooth enough to soothe
Slow and lower you can go inside a bassed up groove (So funk it!)
It's gotta be, ain't no need to discuss it
(Yo Doc!) I finna kick this shit, alright! (Alright, then bust it!)

[Verse 1: The D.O.C.]
Rhymes created by the Doc, most definitely down!
I could be bitten by this brother with some bad ass brown
It ain't no joke, he needs some scope
Cause his breath is (cold!) dope
As he talks I can smell it, and I'm seeing the smoke
That's the bad breath bandit, you know what's in store
Stay away cause they breath will knock you (to the floor!)
That boy is (rough!) de soda (tough!) I don't understand
Tests his breath inside his palm, and burned his hand!
He's a tucks destroyer, a Listerine killer
A cavity employer, a yuck-mouth filler
(Say man, you bullshit!) no, that's a fact Fresh K
I wish Velamints could take his breath away
But he's.. always in effect, smelling like dead vermin
Honking the bitches with his firewalls burning
Winch his witch as a curl, just as funky as well
I mean he has a little woman that can match his smell (Yes!)
He has a girlfriend, this is not pretend
She uses deodorant to spray for men
(Scratch and sniff wallpaper all over the house)
Aww shit! (Yeah boy, that's what I'm talking about)
They need ten bars of soap, three boxes of Tide
To make them presentable to go outside
Now my story is true, and my opinion candid
But that is my tale of the bad breath bandit

[Interlude:]
[The D.O.C] But you know, that ain't even half of the shit
[Fresh K:-] Man, what's up?
[The D.O.C] This bitch who stay around the way, you know her K!
[Fresh K:-] Yeah?
[The D.O.C] Y'all want to talk about her?
[Fresh K:-] Bust it!
[Dr. Rock:] Oh kick her ass, man

[Verse 2: The D.O.C.]
Let's talk about girl who's a bonafide witch!
Name is Tammy, better known as bitch!
The boys in the hood all treat her like liquor
Quick is the way they pass her around and then stick her
I'm not saying she minds, she's a first class skeezer
Always on the jock, but only if he's uhh..
Man with the money and the looks to show
(So you saying she's a witch?) yeah Tammy's a material whore
You're getting laid, if you can rock a cross-fader
You got the bank, to make the bitch who'll get paid
Tagging Tammy's a process like when you use a computer
Use her and do her like they did in the old days (Shoot her!)
A whore and she knows it, yeah the knowledge is there
So they say that she's slutty and she tell them she don't care
But y'all I'm keeping my clear, even though she is pretty
(Cause we only use Tammy for a guest to the city) right on!

[Interlude:]
[The D.O.C] But bust this, Tammy ain't the only fucked-up freak in the city
[Dr. Rock:] Well who else, man?
[The D.O.C] Aww, come on Rock, you know her now, You know her
[Dr. Rock:] Seabiscuit breath, right?
[The D.O.C] Yeah, that's her
[Dr. Rock:] Yo! Go on! Bust it homes!

[Verse 3: The D.O.C.]
You stand around the bitch and your nose turns white
You ever thought about what Big Bird's shit smells like?
Well, you take that aroma, multiply it times two
And you think about Sue (Sour-smelling Sue!)
She's a girl that has the power to kill a fresh flower
Rock smelled the whore and said (Damn that bitch is sour!)
Now, I don't judge, I mean that's not what I'm thinking
People do what they want, and I guess she like stinking
But whatever the deal, I think someone should call Guiness
Cause this is kicking a scent that fucks up K's tennis shoes
And a dress, dress it fresh to impress
She really ought to be embarrassed because that girl is a mess
If you ever see her, you'll duck and cover
She looks like your sister but smells like your brother
And since they tell me Trey, honestly phrase:
I let her know that she reminded me of the Gunsmoke days
But it ain't no (thing) if she stink she'll (sing)
But to me it's like she needs a little (Irish Spring)
You ought to know what I'm saying, I hope I made myself clear
About the three ass whores, but Troll I'm out of here

[Outro: The D.O.C.]
Yo yo yo, these three people make me so sick that I gotta go 1988 on it
Tammy your momma ain't got no legs be talking about
I ain't gonna stand for this.. Ha ha ha ha!

[Dr. Rock]
Boy you sick man! You sick! Yeah yeah

[Fresh K]
Yo man! I got a story from 1988, check it out
Sue, you got so much butter on your teeth
That when you brush your teeth you have to use a butter knife!
Ha ha ha ha!

[Dr. Rock]
Get ready for the king, here I come, now check this out
Sour smelling Sue got so much dirt in her ear
That she can grow potatoes, Ha ha ha ha![Intro: Kokane]
Eazy-muthaphukkin-E
I mean, how can I descibe this nigga
I mean, that nigga was a genius
Muthaphukkin godfather for the gangsta rap
Open up a can of words to all you ryders
You know what I'm sayin'
So don't hate the nigga
This is dedication to my nigga Eazy-muthaphukkin-E

[Yella]
Yeah, for all the motherfuckers out there
Who went down with this shit, fuck 'em
Fuck you, real niggas, dedicated to my nigga E
You know who's down
Yo Kokane, let's do this shit

[Verse 1: Kokane]
Now this is dedicated to my niggas from around away [all my homies]
I know you wake up every morning think about
When you gonna die some day, some day [we all gotta go]
Lord I feel so bad for all the wrong I've done [forgive me]
And I still can't believe my nigga E is just dead and gone, lord
Now Eazy-duz-it, duz it eazy but some times we going of the parallel
We cause [we cause] no love at all
So thank you Eazy-E for givin' us the gangsta sound
Real men comes man, for round around

[Hook]
[This is] 4 tha E, a Real Compton City G [Eazy]
[This is] 4 tha E, a Real Compton City G [Real nigga number 1]
[This is] 4 tha E, a Real Compton City G [Eazy]
[This is] 4 tha E, a Real Compton City G [Well, I'm Eazy-E]
[A Real Compton City G]

[Verse 2: Kokane]
Roll up a fat sac of hydro and pass it around
In that hospital muthaphukkin gangsta sound
Now I heard there was a gang of niggas that don't like Eazy
Let 'em motherfuckers gank it low down right and dirty
I guess the pen is more quicker than the trigger, don't be signing 'em
Contracts without reading 'em, nigga
Cause the industry
Is like the dope game
Always business
Never personal main
Yeah, Eazy had some scandalous days
But in times we all have muthaphukkin scandalous ways
But stopped for a second, thinked about the situation, G
If there weren't no Eazy, there wouldn't be no B.G.'s and O.G.'s and gangstas expressing the fuck how they feel, what they desire
He opend up a can of worms to all ryders, the true ryders
And that's real

[Hook]
[This is] 4 tha E, a Real Compton City G [Eazy]
[This is] 4 tha E, a Real Compton City G [Real nigga number 1]
[This is] 4 tha E, a Real Compton City G [Eazy]
[This is] 4 tha E, a Real Compton City G [Well, I'm Eazy-E]
[A Real Compton City G]

[Outro: Kokane]
So this is dedicated, to my nigga E
A straight gangsta gangsta, hard as from the C-P-T
Now what goes up must calm down
And said that E ain't around
I'm glad to have the chance to know Eazy real nigga number one O.G
Would you rest in peeeeeeeeeeace

[Yella]
Yeah, my nigga
True nigga
A C-P-T muthaphukka
The real streets got ya back
'96 style
Still in this muthaphukka
Thinkin' about you, nigga
Always
Always
Love ya
Miss ya
R.I.P. E"Kick that shit!" -] Flavor Flav
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!"
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*echoes*}

Cold kickin ass {*scratch*} cold kickin ass {*scratch*}
Cold kickin ass {*scratch*} "Kick that shit!"

"Pull up a chair.." -] Rakim {*echoes*}

[Verse One: Eazy-E]
I don't drink brass monkey, like the beat funky
Nickname Eazy-E yo' 8 ball junkie
Bass drum kickin, to show my shit
Rappin holdin my dick boy, I don't quit
Crowd rockin motherfucker from around the way
I got a six-shooter, yo' mean hombre'
Rollin through the hood, to find the boys
To kick dust and cuss, crank up some noise
Police on my drawers, I have to pause
40 ounce in my lap and it's freezin my balls
I hook a right turn and let the boys go past
Then I say to myself, "They can kiss my ass!"
Hip to get drunk got the 8 in my lips
Put in the old tape Marvin Gaye's greatest hits
Turn the shit up had the bass cold whompin
Cruisin through the Eastside, South of Compton
See a big ass, and I say word
I took a look at the face, and the bitch was to the curb
Hoes on my tip for the title I'm holdin
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin

I, was.. "Cold kickin ass"
I, was.. "Raised in L.A."
I, was.. "Cruisin down the street in my six-fo'" -] Eazy
{"Too, much, posse!" -] Flavor Flav}

[Verse Two: Eazy-E]
Ridin on Slausson lookin for Crenshaw
Turned down the sound, to ditch the law
Stopped at a light and had a fit
Cause a Mexican almost wrecked my shit
Flipped his ass off, put it to the floor
Bottle was empty so I went to the store
Nigga on tilt cause I was drunk
See a sissy-ass punk, had to go in my trunk
Reached inside cause it's like that
Came back out with a silver gat
Fired at the punk, and it was all because
I had to show the nigga what time it was
Pulled out the jammy and like a mirage
A sissy like that got out of Dodge
Sucka on me cause the title I'm holdin
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin

"Fuck it up y'all!" -] repeat 6X
{"YEAH!!!", *guitar riff* -] Beastie Boys}

[Verse Three: Eazy-E]
Olde English 800 cause that's my brand
Take it in a bottle, 40, quart, or can
Drink it like a madman, yes I do
Fuck the police and a 502
Stepped in the party, I was drunk as hell
Three bitches already said, "Eric yo' breath smells!"
40 ounce in hand, that's what I got
"Yo man you see Eazy hurling in the parkin lot?"
Stepped on your foot, cold dissed yo' ho
Asked her to dance and she said
"Hell no!"
Called her a bitch cause that's the rule
"Bitch, who you callin a bitch?!"
Boys in the hood tryin to keep me cool
You tell my homeboy you wanna kick my butt
I walked in your face and we get 'em up
I start droppin the dogs, and watch you fold
Just dumb full of cum, got knocked out cold
"Made you look sick you snotty-nosed prick!
Now your fly bitch is all over his
Dick!"
Punk got dropped cause the title I'm holdin
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin

"Stomp a mudhole in your ass!" -] Flavor Flav
"Stomp a mudhole in your ass, BITCH!" -] Flav

[Verse Four: Eazy-E]
Pass the brew motherfucker while I tear shit up
And y'all listen up close to roll call
Eazy-E's in the place I got money and juice
Rendezvous with me and we make the deuce
Dre makes the beats so god damn funky
Do the Olde 8, fuck the brass monkey
Ice Cube writes the rhymes, that I say
Hail to the niggas from C.I.A
Krazy D is down and in effect
We make hardcore jams, so fuck respect
Make a toast punky-punk to the title I'm holdin
Eazy-E's fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin

{*scratched*} "City of Compton!"
{*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*echoes*}

{*scratched*} "City of Compton!" {*scratched to end*}[Narrator]
Let's describe a certain female
A female with a disease of character and attitude
If you will a snob
However in the view of NWA...

[Ice Cube]
A bitch is a bitch
So if I'm poor or rich
I talk in the exact same pitch
Now the title bitch don't apply to all women
But all women have a little bitch in 'em
It's like a disease that plagues their character
Taking the women of America
And it starts with the letter B
It makes a girl like that think she better than me
See, some get mad and some just bear it
But, yo, if the shoe fits wear it
It makes 'em go deaf in the ear that's why
When you say 'hi' she won't say 'hi'
Are you the kind that think you're too damn fly?
Bitch eat shit and die
Ice Cube coming at you at a crazy pitch
(Why?) I think a bitch is a bitch

[Girl]
Who the fuck you think you calling a bitch you little sorry motherfucker
I don't know who the fuck you think you talking to
Let me tell you one motherfucking thing, I'm not no-
"Bitch, shut the fuck up"

[Ice Cube]
Yo, you can tell a girl that's out for the money
She look good and the bitch walk funny
She ain't no dummy, she's rather conniving
Yo bitch, fuck what I'm driving
See a young nigga that's striving
You're through without a BMW
That's why a bitch is a bitch I guess
Or either P-M-S
Here, test the girl that's kinda snobby
And I bet you dissing niggas is her hobby
And after she finished the test
Write today a B-I-T-C-H
And watch her get mad cause she know it's true(She know it)
But a nigga like me'll say "fuck you"
Do like Ice Cube, slam her ass in a ditch(word)
Cause a bitch is a bitch

[Girl/Ice Cube]
Why I gotta be a bitch?
I ain't call you no bitch, if you listen to the goddamn song it'd tell you what a bitch is
Fuck the song cause I'm not no motherfucking bitch
I didn't say you was a bitch, if you stop acting like a goddamn bitch
Fuck you, little punk-ass little nigga
Fuck you, bitch! You sloppy-ass, scandalous-ass ho!
Fuck you! Who the fuck you think you are?
Fuck you! Suck my dick, bitch! You scandalous-ass, doo-doo dog breath, stinking, ugly...

[Ice Cube]
I once knew a bitch who got slapped
Cause she played me like she was all that
A bitch can be your best friend talking behind your back
About who's fucking who and who's getting fat
Look at yourself for me
Now do you fall in this category?
Are you the kind that won't blink
Cause you don't think your shit stink
Luckily I haven't had a drink
Cause I'd down your ass
Then I'd clown your ass
Cause the niggas I hang with ain't rich
We'll all say "Fuck you bitch!"
Now what I can do with a ho like you
Bend your ass over and then I'm through
Cause you see Ice Cube ain't taking no shit
(Why?) Cause I think a bitch is a bitch

[Narrator]
There you have it, the description of a bitch
Now ask yourself are they talking about you?
Are you that funky, dirty, money-hungry, scandalous, stuck-up, hair piece contact wearing bitch?
Yep, you probably are

Bitch![Intro: Opening Skit]
(*Inhale*)
[DJ Yella]  Shit, so where the fuck we're goin? (*EXhale*)
[Dirty Red] Let's go fuck with the bitches there
[DJ Yella]  Aww house bitches, ha ha ha, hell yeah, shit
Fuck off man, put the shit out
These mothafuckers behind us and shit
(*Inhale*)   (*EXhale*)
[Dirty Red] Fuck the mothafuckers man, I ain't put my shit out
[DJ Yella]  Speed on, and let's do this shit

[*The Beats Started*]
[Dirty Red] yeah, that's right
[DJ Yella]  Dirty Red is in the house
[Dirty Red] Once again, nigga
[DJ Yella]  The Y-E-Double-L-A in this mothafucker (*Laughter*)
[Dirty Red] Awww shit
[DJ Yella]  You can do somethin' like this?
[Dirty Red] What you wanna do it like?
[DJ Yella]  Now, I'm about it like, kick back, come on
[Dirty Red] Yeah

[Verse 1: Dirty Red]
Born black, now I'm livin' in a fucked place
Tryin' to survive, as I stake my case
I took due without a clue in the early mornin'
Cops beatin' niggas down, so I knew it was on
They got my drawers and the stash from my shoe box
As I rushed to the bathroom to flush my rocks
I heard BOOM and a voice sayin "GET ON THE FLOOR NOW!"
Now, I'm hopin' the God these mothafuckers don't kill me
Illegal search, with no evidents
But took me to jail, although the nigga was innocent
Life is a bitch when you're in the streets
But I see the same shit happened every week
Nigga, ain't no love

[Chorus]
I said ain't no love, I ain't gettin' love
Ain't no love
Ain't no love, love, I ain't gettin' love
Nigga, ain't no love
Ain't no love, haaayyyy
Ain't no love
I said ain't no love, love, love, haayyy

[Verse 2: Dirty Red]
Now, I'm pissed off cause I'm couped in a jail cell
Sick into my stamock from another nigga shit smell
But oh well, what else can I do?
But sittin' mad in the mothafucker, drapped in county blue
Now, they're talkin' about Chow time
Brought me a tripe full of green ass slime
I'm doin' time for a crime I didn't commit
They say I'm doin' 5 Streach but that's bullshit (*Gun Shot*)
I need to use the phone G
Gettin' touch with my girl so she can bring 5 Gs
Cause I'm finna make bail
Before I be broke nigga, fuckin' with the jail
Cause there ain't no love for a nigga from the ghetto
Especially with cops, they like to break the young follow
Fool, life is a bitch when you're in the streets
But I see the same shit happened every week
Ain't no love

[Chorus]
I said ain't no love, I ain't gettin' love
Nigga, ain't no love
I said ain't no love, love, love, I ain't gettin' love
Ain't no love
Ain't no love, hoo haaayyyy
Nigga, ain't no love
I said ain't no love, no love, no love

[Break: DJ Yella]
This is dedicated to my nigga E
The mothafuckin' Hip-Hop Thuggster
Straight from the C-P-T
R.I.P. nigga

[Verse 3: Dirty Red]
Now an hour went by, since I made bail
I'm back in the streets and about to raise hell
A nigga showed on the ki and I have five Gs
Finna put on some work with all the dope fiends
Back on my feet and hardly know time
I got the gat from the crib
And now I'm searchin' for the nigga who dropped the dime
So I can do him in close range
I know the shit sounds strange but nobody can change things
When you're thinkin' about the time you spent
Locked up for what? - to take the pay cut
Fuck that! pay back as a mothafucker
Although, I hate takin' out young niggas (*Gun Shot*)
I gotta do what I gotta do
And if you was in my shoes I think you probably do it too
Found the nigga, put my finger on the trigger finna spray
Cause there ain't no love everyday all day

[Outro: Dirty Red]
Nigga, ain't no love
Ain't no love
Nigga, ain't no love
Ain't no love
Nigga, ain't no love
Ain't no love
Nigga, ain't no love
Ain't no love[Intro: MC Ren]
Nineteen ninety mothafuckin' one
N.W.A back in this mothafucker, yo
Takin' out all you commercicalized ass niggas
And we're on this laid back track
And we're doin' this one kinda smooth
So whatcha gonna do, Dre?
Kick it!

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
And so on let the shit flow on
Because I need somethin' to go off on
The mothafuckin' D-R-E servin' a death wish
So I'm a hit you like this
Early in the morning hop into the B-enz
I got 44 wayz of gettin' paid
Sittin' in my lap as I roll off the Compton blocks
To scoop up Ren I heard shots -
1, 2, 3, then I seen a nigga
Hoppin' the fence and it was Ren on the mothafuckin' trigger
He got in the Benz and said
"Dre, I was speakin' to yo' bitch “O'Shea”
And as we roll on I seen the patrol on creep
So we got ghost because they beat
Me and Ren in de black CE, yo
Poppin' some funky shit by de D.O.C
I gotta get paid, paid in a hurry see
I got a habit if I'm not paid thoroughly
I start takin', makin' sure my shit is steady bumpin'
A nigga always into somethin'

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
I heard a dope beat somebody told me “that Buck did it.”
But if Dre didn't do it I can't fuck with it
NWA is like a mix a fix a trix
Real niggas with big dicks
You're takin' a chance when you think that
Talkin' under your breath won't lead to young death
Fuckin' up shit and shit for the killin'
For a nigga labled as bein' - A mothafuckin' Villain
But you don't know me, a record can't tell ya
How so many prayed I'd be a mothafuckin' faliure
Real niggas gotta have top rankin'
I hooked up with 3 more niggas and started makin' -
Funky-ass shit for your system
Might sound nice so it makes you wanna listen to a
Sample of a ruthless organization
But you don't want the confrontation
Real niggas don't play -
Yella, Eazy, Me and the bigga nigga Dre
Yo, alwayz makin' sure that my shit is steady bumpin'
A nigga always into somethin'

[Admiral Dancehall]
POMBOOM! galag look at dat bitch walking on the muthaphukkin street
NOW she know that i want hold mah DICK in
Because dat bitch’s booty is so NaNaNaNaNa-Nasteeey

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah, the world's most dangerous group
Definetly in this mothafucka
Sendin' a shout-out to all the bitches out there
Yo you can get the pick up to suck a dick up 'till you hiccup
You know what I'm sayin'

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
Yo, cuz I'm a nigga for life
And I realy don't give a fuck
I'm goin' for mine - Every time
I see a fuckin' softy -
Punk strong as coffee
A nigga like that best to back up off me
Yo, cuz these are the dayz and the times of the real niggas
False niggas, NWA'll toss niggas
And that's on the real cuz I'm a nigga that killz
Again and again so tell 'em what's up Ren

[Verse 4: MC Ren]
If I'm not into nothin' I don't feel right
So I grab thee 9 and the clip and go to murder mothafuckaz at night
Because I'm startin' to feel
I'm sittin' in a cell but the crime was too tragic I couldn't make bail
So now they gotta hold me
And listen to rehabilitations over and over
Sayin' they told me
But I don't give a fuck cuz I know my shit is pumpin'
A nigga always into somethin'

[Outro: Admiral Dancehall]
1991 and NWA get the job done
Admiral Dancehall wannu tell you a story bout a girl thats quick fi lick me dick, it goes something like this....
Da girl quick fi lickin me dick[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
I got a taste for waste and a taste and a blood
Murder I heard her when she screamed the "Drop!"
Cause her son bust a slug
Relate this to no choice
And listen to this straight-up man before they ban the voice
While I rhyme to the rythym of a pop
Remember the first nigga that runs is the first to get shot
Whoever thinks that what I say and portray is negativity
Need to come kick it in the city with me
And find the black and crack de fact
And take that shit back cuz they don't wanna fuck with that
There's too many niggas they're tryin' to calm
If mothafuckaz could get it, nobody would've fuck with it
Appetite for destruction
For him to get a bit more shit he gotta commit -
Murder in the first degree - a man slaughter
Takin' a life of his wife and young daughter
A whole city of bitches, they look sucked up
And the niggas is killin', it's straight fucked up
Whoever sayin', what I'm sayin's for greed
The 9 even when they're tryin' to feed
My appetite for destruction

" .. you guys know who I'm talkin' to .. "

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
The Appetite is tremendous - so I'm gonna spin this
Drop up some violence because they ax me to end this
Some trouble that I cought cuz I was noisy
A nigga tried to take advantage because I'm de kamikaze
He took de swing from my hand - thought I was faded
Start runnin' for the door but the fucker never made it
The sound of the 9 went BANG [shot]
And all over the wall was his mothafuckin' brain
Cause I'm a nigga you can't sleep on
So set the alarm, cause I'm hittin' like a mothafuckin' bomb
I do damage with the 9 in my hand
But the average nigga that don’t know me don’t understand
I'm from the streets so therefor
You know I don't care for
A sucker that ain't down with the real niggas the niggas the niggas
Yo, and after when the shit gotta go ain't even sober
Any time that the 9 wanna leave
I got a .38 hittin' down the sleeve
And it's ready to go to war cuz that's what it's here for
I shoot down a milion niggas and shoot one more
And that's the milion and one
They couldn't hang with the appetite
Cause they was'nt rappin' right
So I had to destroy whoever was standin' in my presence
For fuckin' up de asses appetite for destruction

[Interlude]
"Cops put a hurtin' on your ass, man, you know, they really degrade you. White folks don't believe that shit, they don't believe that cops degrade you
[Imitating white person] Oh come on, those people, those people are resisting arrest."

[Verse 3: Eazy-E]
Check it out y'all, in the house y'all
So I can show and flow and let the people know
So won't you ease on down to the yellow brick road to Compton
But first let me tell you somethin' -
I possess to 10 commandments of the Hip Hop thugsta
Known as the thief and murderer :
First one -
Honor thy nigga with an attitude
Gotta get respect or break your mothafuckin' neck
Second one -
Allwayz gotta fuck out of wedlock
I like it when the pussy goes snack crack and pop
Number three -
I'm a gangsta fanatic
I smoke any foolz tryin' to cause some statix
Number four -
Here's what's the score
A crazy-ass nigga that remains hardcore
Fifth one -
My kill has just begun
I pull out my gun that will keep me on the run
Step six -
Hmmm, it's kinda tricky -
Can't forget that I'm mothafuckin' chickenshit
To the ones who tries to play the E -
By the time you reach Seven you'll be 6 feet deep
Number eight -
Make no mistake
Move real sneaky and you're bound to catch your prey
Ninth one -
I gotta be raw, fuck any brain once your man made law
Last but not least, I must be real -
Number ten - is my appetite to ki ...[Eazy-E speaking softly]
What you want, is an unexpected approach
That may delay a suspect's awareness, of your presence
Until you have a chance to assess
The situation, you are confronted

[Eazy] Approach to danger... don't move
"It's hard to predict what would happen next"
(Oh shit, he has a gun!) Drop the gun
[Eazy] You could've prevented a tragedy

[MC Ren]
You can approach, but the danger light is blinkin
A self-desctruct button is activated when I'm thinkin
This is a tribulation, the weak is judged
The prophecy was fulfilled, cause I never budge
I took up the tools, crucifixion was the extreme
They're seein doubles of me, but it wasn't a dream
One vision was of life, the other was death
And life didn't give a fuck if death took your last breath
So you burn in my pit that I call hell
Where you got sent, because your shit don't sell
My twenty-twenty was blurry from the smoke
Of the niggas that I burned and tormented but I didn't choke
I started doin 'em, I kept on doin 'em
Two of 'em, shoot 'em up 'til that nigga Ren was through with 'em
And my presence to the suckers was of a stranger
But fuck it, they can approach to the danger

[Eazy-E speaking softly]
If you can be seen, you can be hit
If you can be hit, you can be killed
(He's on the line! Shoot him!)

[Dr. Dre]
Fatal approach to danger, just to remain a strangler
Out run, the shot of a gun when the game's up
Murder in the first degree, but it's worse to be
A dead motherfucker or a nigga in custody
With everybody thinkin of death
I kept workin, to be one of the last niggas left
So many people lookin for hope, they broke
Without checkin the fingerprints on a motherfucker's throat
A heart of steel can reveal the real nigga in me
So figure to see, the D-E-A-D
Bodies like a nigga straight walkin in a cemetary
So it's very necessary to carry
Ammunition for niggas wishin but they better take caution
Before Dre goes off
And starts killin motherfuckers just in order to change the
Anger for the real nigga when I approach to danger

[Interlude]
Approach the motherfuckin danger
("Come back to hell and see me some time!")
("This is it y'all")

[Eazy-E]
Final approach to danger, death, destruction around every corner
Another dead body and you wanna keep runnin
But even the rain turns black
All you can do is stay alert and try to stay out of the searchlight
No prison, nobody makes bail
Everybody gotta go but see it ain't no jail
Think about death, takin your last breath
Heart beatin like a motherfucker like it ain't no time left
With so many ways to stay up, I gotta get mine
Even though they wanna make a crime, yo
Of bein real, a federal letter in the beginnin
Because of the release of "Fuck the Police"
Fuck it I approach the danger
Cause I don't give a fuck if somebody gotta get fucked up
So you might as well kiss your ass goodbye
Cause in the long run ("we all die")[Eazy-E]
Yo Dre man, I take this bitch out to the movies and shit
Man we're kissin' and grindin' and shit, so we hop in the back seat
You know man, this bitch rubbin' all over my dick
And frontin' like she's gonna give me the pussy
Man, and the bitch said 3 words, man: STOP, NO, and DON'T [oh shit]
I said BIIIITTTTTTCCHH ...

You don't have to front on me dear, [don't front me..]
So why don't you just give that pussy here? [hehehe ahah]
If you'd be good to me, [yeah yeah]
Ohh I'll be good to you, [ahahha]
And we'll both ride home in my automobile... [fuckin' head in this car]

All that I want is a little puss' [that's all he wants]
All that I want is just a little head [ahaha just a little bit]
If you'd be good to me, [good]
Ohh I'll be good to you, [ah]
And we'll both ride home in my automobile...

You don't have to front on me bitch, [don't front on me muthafuckin' bitch]
Don't be afraid - it's only a dick [ahaha it's only a dick .. ]
Give up the pussy soon, [yeah soon]
All I want is a little woo, [little]
Or get your groupie ass out my hotel room [ahhhhhhhuuu]
Or get your groupie ass out my hotel room [get out get out...]

All I want is the pussy [ha!]
All I want is the pussy [pussy]
All I want is the pussy [godamn right!]
All I want is the pussy [pussy pussy pussy pussy..]
If you'd be good to me, [yeah, ho']
Ohh I'll be good to you
And we'll both ride home in my automobile [kick some more shit]
We'll both ride home in my automobile... [ah yeah]* originally released on the Bangin' 12"

[Intro: DJ Yella Talking]
L.A., Watts, Ingle Wood, C.P.T
Yo 'Ren, let's do this Shit

(*from this line Ms. Toi strated moaning all over the track*)

[MC Ren]
We make bitches suck dick as a drop of the dime
And niggas mad as fuck when I'm bustin' my rhyme
These super-Ho-Niggas shit is hard to find
Got these nasty-Ass-Hoes nigga standin' in line
DJ Yella, back with 'Ren
Lookin' for a bitch to stick my dick in
She swallowed it, once again
Is she ridin' this dick 'til it's startin' to binge
We out in L.A. nigga bangin' hoes
Bitches suckin' dick, nigga ass and toes
Slow-lights, Camera, Action, Fuckin'
'Yella and 'Ren still always into somethin'
Too much talkin', not enough fuckin'
My dick over two butts and top-notch dick suckin'
And tell that bitch, she better swallow the nut
The homie told me that the wrath for sluts

[Hook: MC Ren]
Nigga fuck that bitch
She laid out, make her suck this dick
Then fuck that trick
We up here nigga bangin' hoes
You bitch niggas gettin' hot cause we bang these hoes

Fuck that bitch
She laid out, make her suck this dick
Then fuck that trick
We up here nigga bangin' hoes
Bitch niggas gettin' hot cause we bang these hoes

[MC Ren]
I like bangin' these hoes
Get these nasty bitches up out they clothes
Ren and Yella, closed the door
We bout to get our role mothafuckin' strip-show Live in L.A
Compton and Watts
Lookin' at all these fly bitches comin' in flocks
Lookin' for nut, wantin' the Ville's dick
Two bad bitches, the Black and Filipino shit
We sit, these hoes gettin' love with the dick
Ren got that shit they love to fuck with
All night sentence, open your mouth
Open your blouse, let my black ass gets you arouse
You want the Villain up in here lickin' your nipple
Sip some rippals, smoke some bud, on the hot tub
I'm the mothafuckin' shit around here
Bangin' these hoes every year

[Hook: MC Ren with variations]
Nigga fuck that bitch
She laid out, make her suck this dick
Then fuck that trick
We up here nigga bangin' hoes
Bitch niggas gettin' hot cause we bang these hoes

Nigga, fuck that bitch
She laid out, make her suck this dick
Then fuck that trick
We up here nigga bangin' hoes
You bitch niggas gettin' hot cause we bang these hoes

[MC Ren]
If ain't fuckin' you best to live
Lookin' all these hoes we about to receive
We got them layin' on the coach, playin' with their clits
Puffin' on the weed and talkin' big shit
How many dicks can she take in her ass
Especially when she know, she likes it hard and fast
Put your hands together, for the dick sucker
Ren gon' pimp her, y'all gon' fuck her
Make that bitch starts to come a lot
Keep the trick hot, make the bare rot
Nut tight like the fort knocks, the pussy is loose
Make the whore twists her legs like the noose
We all good now, lookin' to the Camera smile
You won't be suckin' dick for a while
That's how it's going down
When you fuckin' with Villain straight from Compton
Bangin' these hoes

[Hook: MC Ren - repeat 2X]
Nigga, fuck that bitch
She laid out, make her suck this dick
Then fuck that trick
We up here nigga bangin' hoes
Bitch niggas gettin' hot cause we bang these hoes

[repeat 2X]
Fuck that bitch
She laid out, make her suck this dick
Then fuck that trick
We up here nigga bangin' hoes
Bitch niggas gettin' hot cause we bang these hoes

[Outro: DJ Yella]
Yeah, this is how we do it
For the O three, Play Boy.T -] "Yella's Cousin"
MC Ren, awww yeah, big man
And WEEE, you still my nigga, ha ha ha
Ugh, takin' this shit over, ugh, for the real niggas
Smoke it up, light it up, ugh, I'm out

(*Mrs. Toi Keeps moaning till fade up*)[Intro: DJ Yella]
L.A., Watts, Inglewood, CPT
Yo Ren, let's do this Shit

[Verse 1: MC Ren]
We make bitches suck dick as a drop of the dime
And niggas mad as fuck when I'm bustin' my rhyme
This super whore nigga shit is hard to find
Got these nasty-Ass-whores nigga standin' in line
DJ Yella, back with 'Ren
Lookin' for a bitch to stick my dick in
She swallowed it, once again
Is she ridin' this dick 'til it's startin' to binge
We're out in L.A. nigga bangin' whores
Bitches suckin' dick, nigga ass and toes
Slow-lights, Camera, Action, Fuckin'
Yella and Ren, still always into somethin'
Too much talkin, not enough fuckin'
My dick over two butts on top-notch dick suckin'
And tell that bitch she better swallow the nut
The homie told me that the wrath for sluts

[Hook] (x2)
Nigga, fuck that bitch
She laid out, make her suck this dick
Then fuck that trick
We're up here nigga bangin' whores
You bitch niggas gettin' hot cause we bang these whores

[Verse 2: MC Ren]
I like bangin' these whores
Get these nasty bitches up out their clothes
Ren and Yella, closed the door
We're about to get our role motherfuckin' Strip Show
Live in L.A., Compton and Watts
Lookin' at all these fly bitches comin' in flocks
Lookin' for nut, wantin' the Ville's dick
Two bad bitches, the Black and Filipino shit
We sit, these whores just in love with the dick
Ren got that shit, they love to fuck with
All night sentence, open your mouth
Open your blouse, let my black ass gets you arouse
You want the Villain up in here lickin' your nipple
Sip some rippals, smoke some bud, warm the hot tub
I'm the motherfuckin' shit around here
Bangin' these whores every year

[Hook] (x2)

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
If you ain't fuckin, you best believe
Look at all these whores we're about to receive
We got them laid on the coach, playin' with their clits
Puffin' on the weed and talkin' big shit
How many dicks can she take in her ass?
Especially when she know, she likes it hard and fast
Put your hands together, for the dick sucker
Ren gon' pimp her, y'all gon' fuck her
Make that bitch starts to come a lot
Keep the trick hot, make the bed rot
Nut tight like fork knocks, the pussy is loose
Make the whore twists her legs like the noose
We're all good now, lookin' to the camera smile
You gonna be suckin' dick for a while
That's how it's goin' down
When you're fuckin' with Villain straight from Compton
Bangin' these whores

[Hook] (x2)

[Outro: DJ Yella]
Yeah, this is how we do it
For the O three, Play Boy.T -] "Yella's Cousin"
MC Ren, awww yeah, big man
And WEEE, you're still my nigga, ha ha ha
Ugh, takin' this shit over
Ugh, for the real niggas
Smoke it up, light it up
Ugh, I'm out[Hoodie]
I'm Little Red, and I'm riding through the forest!

[Wolfman]
GUHHHRRRRR
Where are you going, little girl?

[Hoodie]
I'm going to my grandma's house?

-Skip to action-

[Wolfman]
Guess what, baby.

[Hoodie]
Huuuuunnnhhhhhh???

[Wolfman???]
I'm not really a wolf! MWHAHAHHAAHAAH

[Hoodie]
WHAAAAT?

[W̶o̶l̶f̶m̶a̶n̶ Skeletor???????]
That's right! I'M SKELETOR!!! HUUUEH HUEEHH HUEEEEHHHHHH!!!First Verse (Tec-9):

Nigga watch out, cuz here I come ready to bust your dome
The capital, T-E-C, from the three
I know you know me
You best to pray, if I decide to stay, overnight in your bushes
What about three of my pushers?
With Tec-9, he splits vines
Don't want to face the bounty hunter comin' at'cha from the Uptown area
Ready to bury ya
Don't want to be no victim of the clique
So I shoot first, I'm spittin' but I still got hit
But my condition is not worser than that nigga
He's nothin' but a bloody body, a bloody body
Plus I got the Black Connection standin' right beside me
And now the rest of your clique has got to deal
With the pistol-packin', Black Connection branch start Uptown
Ready to take 'em down, ready to take 'em down
Bitches ask me what will I be doin' tonight
I tell them bitches that I got a session with the mic
Parle' is cool and okay, but I'd rather chill and hustle
I break it to 'em easy, fit the pieces to the puzzle
I'm always on a come up, don't run up, don't make me put my gun up
The master, bitch nigga blaster
Top dollar makes me aim for the collar
Better watch me because I'm comin', you know I'm comin'

Second Verse (B.G.):

It's, it's, it's the nigga with the black suit ready to mug
Off it nigga or get plugged, cuz I spit seventeen slugs
I'ma steal when I'm on a creep, ready to bust
Full of that dope, don't give a fuck, I run up on ya get stuck
I'll off a priest nigga, niggas who got it, off that yay, I'ma rape up
Yella I'ma rope 'em
(Lil' Doogie I'ma tape 'em)
Nigga call your people tell'em I want fifteen
If they don't bring it I'ma put your bitch ass in that Gangsta lean
If you play hard then they gone find you in the trunk straight foul
Cuz you got done up by that Black Connection juvenile
I'ma straight mug ya
Thirteenth Ward thugsta
Disrespect me I'll put you in check, then I'm gone bust ya
You know what's happenin', I'm a hustla
Turn you into crusta
Dust ya, disgust ya, straight unplug ya
Slug ya up bitch with the hollow points to your chest
You wanna be greedy, stingy, put your ass to rest
B.G., put your ass six feet nigga
Over some yay, you done met my fuckin' heat nigga
Put to sleep nigga, best believe I creep nigga
In a hooptie me and my boys four deep nigga
Two if you got it, I told you already to hide it
Cuz I'm comin', and I'll do anything tryin' to find it
I'm on a come up, livin' good is the reason
That I get mail all year round, it's duct tape season
So strap up, cuz I'ma close shop when I pop
And I don't tear down one house I tear down the whole block
So get your shit together, do what'cha gotta do
Cuz the muthafuckin' B.G. is comin' through nigga

Third Verse (Yella):

Just who's the one mad at me?
Watch the bloody tragedy
I shoulda, woulda, coulda, coulda knocked ya in the headdress "G"
Right go get the black glove, ready to put in work
Hope you have your issue, well if not then you'z a jerk
I'm steady thinkin' devious, my thoughts about drama
Fill you with the hollows then go straight to the Bahamas
The snipers on your scalp and I'm a killa so I snatch it
Bailey's and St. Ide's on every Sunday that's my habit
Gonna get you singin' the blues, if you wanna get somewhere
Got'z the top of the line Rugers, bout to make your skin tear
Cuz I don't care, and you know the effects of this affair
Down for war, nothin's funny like Fozzie Bear, I'ma dump ya nigga
Cremators gone, fingertips, rest is bone
Ambulance on the way, cuz the day I plead is half gone
My clique consists of niggas that rap or bust back
And who conference down, black on black
Duck here come the chucks and shit
Like Van Dyke, til' the feat is over "G"[Intro: Dresta]
"Yeah, Gangsta Dresta steps in this, motherfucker. And this one goes out to all the O.G.'s out there. And I can't forget about the baby gangstas, what's up, niggas? My nigga they came back with some of that old school original west coast shit, nigga. That got all of y'all in this dig in the first place, yeah. So run that shit E, yeah."

[Verse 1]
Cruising down the street in my 6-4
Jockin the freaks, slapping the hoes
Went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there cold shooting some hoops
A car pulls up, who can it be?
A fresh El Camino rolling Kilo G
He rolls down his window and he started to say
It's all about making that GTA

[Hook]
Cause the boys in the hood are always hard
You come talking that trash we'll pull your card
Knowing nothing in life but to be legit
Don't quote me boy cause I ain't said shit

[Verse 2]
Donald B's in the place to give me the pace
He said my man JD is on freebase
The boy JB was a friend of mine
Til I caught him in my car trying to steal my Alpine
Chased him up the street to call a truce
The silly cluck head pulled out a deuce-deuce
Little did he know I had a loaded 12 gauge
One sucker dead, LA Times front page

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Bored as hell and I wanna get ill
So I went to a place where my homeboys chill
The fellas out there, making that dollar
I pulled up in my 6-4 Impala
They greet me with a 40 and I started drinking
And from the 8-ball my breath start stinking
Left to get my girl, to rock that body
Before I left I hit the Bacardi
Went to her house to get her out of the pad
Dumb ho said something that made me mad
She said something that I couldn't believe
So I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy ass weave
She started talking shit, wouldn't you know?
Reached back like a pimp and slapped the ho
Her father jumped up and he started to shout
So I threw a right cross cold knocked him out

[Hook]

[Verse 4]
I'm rolling hard now I'm under control
Then wrapped my 6-4 round the telephone pole
I looked at my car and I said, "Oh brother
I throw it in the gutter and go buy another"
Walking home I see the G ride
Now Kat is drivin Kilo on the side
As they busted a U, they got pulled over
An undercover cop in a dark green Nova
Kat got beaten for resisting arrest
He socked the pig in the head for rippin his Guess
Now G is caught for doing the crime
Fourth offence on the boy, he'll do some time

[Hook]

[Verse 5]
I went to get them out but there was no bail
The fellas caused a riot in the county jail
Two days later in municiple court
Kilo G on trial cold cut a fart
Disruption of a court, said the judge
On a six-year sentence my man didn't budge
Bailiff came over to turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out "FIRE!" then came Suzy
The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi
The police shot the girl but didn't hurt her
Both up state for attempted murder

[Hook][Dr. Dre]
Hey yo, remember that shit Eazy did a while back
Motherfuckers said it wasn't gonna work (word)
That crazy shit, yeah the stupid shit, man
Hey yo Eazy! (Sup?)
Hey man why don't you come off the piano for a minute
And bust this crazy shit

[Eazy-E]
Woke up quick at about noon
Just thought that I had to be in Compton soon
I gotta get drunk before the day begins
Before my mother starts bitchin bout my friends
About to go and damn near went blind
Young niggas in the path throwin up gang signs
Ran in the house and grabbed my clip
With the MAC-10 on the side of my hip
Bailed outside and pointed my weapon
Just as I thought, the fools kept steppin
Jumped in the fo' hit the juice on my ride
I got front and back and side to side
Then I let the Alpine play
Bumpin new shit by NWA
It was "Gangsta Gangsta" at the top of the list
Then I played my old shit, it went somethin like this:

Cruisin down the street in my six-fo'
Jockin the bitches, slappin the hoes
Went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there cold shootin some hoops
A car pulls up, who can it be?
A fresh El Camino rollin', Kilo G
He rolled down his window and he started to say
It's all about makin that GTA

[Hook]
Cuz the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin that trash we'll pull your card
Knowin nothin in life but to be legit
Don't quote me boy, cuz I ain't said shit

[Eazy-E]
Donald B's in the place to give me the pace
He said my man JB is on freebase
The boy JB was a friend of mine
Til I caught him in my car tryin to steal my Alpine
Chase him up the street to call a truce
The silly motherfucker pull out a deuce-deuce
Little did he know I had a loaded 12 gauge
One sucker dead, LA Times front page

[Hook]

[Eazy-E]
Bored as hell and I wanna get ill
So I went to a spot where my homeboys chill
The fellas out there, makin that dolla
I pulled up in my 6-4 Impala
They greet me with a 40 and I start drinkin
And from the 8-ball my breath starts stinkin
Love to get my girl, to rock that body
Before I left I hit the Bacardi
Went to her house to get her out of the pad
Dumb ho said something that made me mad
She said somethin that I couldn't believe
So I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy ass weave
She started talkin shit, wouldn't you know?
Reached back like a pimp and slapped the ho
Her father jumped up and he started to shout
So I threw a right across and knocked his old ass out

[Hook]

[Eazy-E]
I'm rollin hard now I'm under control
Then wrapped the six-fo' round a telephone pole
I looked at my car and I said, "Oh brother
I'll throw it in the gutter and go buy another"
Walkin home and I see the G ride
Now Cat is drivin Kilo on the side
As they busted a U, they got pulled over
An undercover cop in a dark green Nova
Cat got beaten for resistin arrest
He socked the pig in the head for rippin his Guess
Now G is caught for doin the crime
Fourth offense on the boy, he'll do some time

[Hook]

[Eazy-E]
I went to get them out but there was no bail
The fellas caused a riot in the county jail
Two days later in municiple court
Kilo G on trial cold cut a fart
Distruption of the court, said the judge
On a six year sentence my man didn't budge
Bailiff came over to turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out "FIRE!", then came Suzy
The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi
Police shot the bitch but didn't hurt her
Both up state for attempted murder

[Hook]Ah yeah, right about now Compton's in de mothafuckin' house [yeah do it do it]
NWA's in full effect
Hey yo yella boy, kick me that funky-ass beat
Yeah, who's in de mothafuckin' house?
Compton's in the mothafuckin' house!
Yeah, Compton's definetly in the house
Hey yo Ren, what we're gonna do?

[MC Ren]

To the people over here
To the people out there
To the people, the people, the people, people, the people, people
From everywhere watching the show
Paying top dolars because they know
When we're on the stage, we're in a mothafuckin' range
So Dre, why don't you get the 12 guage [yeah]
And show 'em how Eazy-Duz-It
So if you punks wanna make somethin' of it
Step up, run up, get up, what's up sucker
You want some of this?
Then you're a stupid mothafucka!
Kickin' - like the kick from a kickdrum
Yella boy on the drum gettin' dumb
Programmin' - a beat that's hittin'
And if you listen then you know we're not bullshittin'
Dope - like a pound or a key
So shut the fuck up and listen to me
I make a killin'
I got money to the ceilin' [why's that?]
Cuz I'm a mothafuckin' ruthless villain
MC Ren - stomping any fool in my way
With some help from my homeboy Dre

[Dr. Dre]

Now my name is Dre - de mothafuckin' doctor
Rippin' shit up [oh yeah] and here to rock ya
With some help from my homeboy E
The criminal of the ruthless posse
Fuckin' it up [word up] is what we do
The reputation of the NWA crew
Gettin' busy because we're cold stompin'
And we're born and raised
And we're born and raised
And we're born and raised in Compton

Speakin' of Compton, it's makin' me sick [why?]
Everybody'z talkin' that crazy shit
Sayin' they were raised in the CPT [aha]
Just as I was, they try to be like me
Poppin' that shit, get the fuck out my face
Knowin' that they never even seen the place
Claimin' my city is my city they claim
Muthafucka we're about to put some salt in your game ..

Yeah I'm tired of these mothafuckerz runnin' around town, talkin' about
They're from Compton and shit, tryin' to get on the bandwagon ..
Yeah Dre, I know what you're sayin' man, but let's tell 'em who we're
Talkin' about ..

WHAT DO YOU CALL A CREW THAT CAN RAP LIKE THAT ...?
Yo NWA call 'em muthafuckaz wack..
[Yeah you know what time it iz, listen to why we call 'em wack]

They got a wacky wack record with o' wacky wack crews
Yo what about the lyrics?
That shit's wacky wack too
With a fucked up style and a fucked up show
Hey yo Ren, what about the scratchin', is it def?
Fuck no!
The mothafuckin' record is a mothafuckin' wack
The mothafuckin' cracka jack needs to step the fuck back ...

Do you want some of this?
Hell no ..
Dre the mothafuckin' doctor
Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain
Dre the mothafuckin' doctor
Well for the record it's Ren and for the street it's Villain
Yella boy, why don't you kick me one of them funky-ass beats?
My boy .. my boy .. my boy Ice Cube
Yo we got my homeboy Eazy E in de house
Won't you tell 'em what your name iz?

[MC Ren]

MC Ren is the mothafuckin' Coroner
I'm gettin' rid of mothafuckaz as if they was a foreigner
Show no grief to pretend when I sin
I punch you can block it but I'm a still get in
This ain't a TKO in the first
But it's some shit from a nigga in black it's much worse
Than a beat from Tyson cuz Ren is not nice and
Your ass is better off just rollin' a dice and
Findin' you a number for luck
Cuz you all need it when you see I don't give a fuck
My identity, and the shit is gettin' shown
Without a video I'm still gettin' on
I'm at a show then my picture is takin'
One click of the flash and punk niggas are breakin'
To the door, tryin' to join my fan club
Lip-syncin' over one of my dubs
The instrumental will scratch for the moment
Until I fuck up the so called opponent
That's standing in the zone of the twilight
Sayin' how in de fuck did he get mixed up in my fight
It was'nt a mistake, it was a set-up
So until I'm finished poppin' my lyrics you should shut up
And don't attempt to speak
Because it's bad enough you rollin' up shit creek
With a nigga like Ren about the hit
Now lemme hear you mothafuckaz talk some more shit
I'm a bust your ass in your mouth
Yo, unless you're sayin' "Compton's in de house"

[Dr. Dre]

Who realy cares - about a sucker on a take off
Bust a move, we can have a shake n' bake-off
Me and you can go cuz I don't care yo
Rap fight or guerilla warfare
We can rumble, cuz when my lungs go in and out
I kick rhymes in a bundle to win a bout
Or scurry or scuffle
I just muffle the opposition, there's no competition
Let 'em know that Dre is gettin' stronger
Compton's in de house but now it's some' longer
I won't get set-up, shut up, I'm kinda fed up
You can say uncle and I still won't let up
Cuz Dre is the mothafuckin' doctor
And if me and Ren's on the mike it's like propaganda, no doubt
"Boy you should've known by now" ..

Compton's in the house
Yeah, it's time to put Compton on the map, don't ever think you can get it on
You stupid mothafuckaz!

Compton's in the house ..[Intro: Eazy-E]
Straight off the streets of motherfuckin' Compton
It`s the downest nigga I know
Eazy motherfuckin' me
'bout to kick your ass in '93
(Creep with me, as I crawl through the hood)

[Hook: Eazy-E]
I creep and I crawl
And I creep and I crawl
And I creep and I crawl
Creep creep
I said I creep and I crawl
And I creep and I crawl
And I creep and I crawl
Creep creep

[Verse 1: Eazy-E]
I got my niggas from Grape Street, Watts
I got my niggas from the C-P-T
I got my niggas all across the motherfuckin' land
That's down with the E-A-Z-Y-E
Now, early in the mornin' I awake
Thinkin' about these dead fool`s life that I had to take
Frontin' on a true name, I peep game at point-blank range
FUCK `EM
("Motherfuckin' right y'all.")
Back to the set as I jet
Not givin' a fuck about the nigga that I wet
That's what he gotta shout for actin' like a trick
Now he`s 6 feet and I`m deep in his bitch
Creepin', creepin', creepin' on the marks that be sleepin'
Catch you slippin' slap the clip in, buck `em every weekend
A scandalous lil` nigga with no heart to feel remorse
Dick the nigga's corps, leave it on his momma`s porch
Don`t give a fuck about shit, that`s why I mellow
Or maybe it`s the fact that I`m kin to the devil
A psychopathic nigga that's always quick to fill a
Nigga for a lick cause I`m a motherfuckin' killer
Thrilla from Manila though I`m shown as the average
Try to test your luck and get bucked by a motherfuckin' savage

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Eazy-E]
I got my niggas from Grape Street, Watts
I got my niggas from the C-P-T
I got my niggas all across the motherfuckin' land
That's down with the E-A-Z-Y-E
Now, later on that night as I`m rollin'
Lookin' for a nigga I can gat and pack a hole in
Stoppin' at a light on the late night
Fire up a Philly Blunt to get my head right
See some niggas slippin' at a burger stand
And in my mind all I`m thinkin' is a murder plan
Creepin' through the drive-through kinda slow
I got my hot beams on the back of the '4, yo
Smokin' on chronic with the rag down
Not knowin' I`m about to lay their ass down
Reach for them fools, make my move
Leaned out my jeep and I creep kinda smooth
With the gat to the nigga`s dome now he sleeps
One shot to the top body flopped on the seat, peep
I dumped on the lil` skinny passenger
A bitch is screamin' in a rage, so I blasted her
Smashed and I got about 5 blocks
Before I got stopped by punk ass cops
Shit, fuck `em
FUCK YOU
*shots*
Motherfucker, hahaha

[Hook][Intro: Michel'le]
Yo, this is the number one bitch
Where y'all know, comin' straight from the center of Compton
Radio Station B.G. K.O
2456 on your dial
Where we play all the dope shit

[Real Compton City G's]

[Hook: Eazy-E as a Radio Host]
Yo, this is Eazy-muthaphukkin-E
And you're listenin' to radio station B.G. K.O

[Verse 1: B.G. Knocc Out]
Rollin' in my hood, twistin' on them D's
Age 19 and I'm pushin' straight keys
Me and my B.G.'s, baby gangstas
Puttin' it down right because we don't allow pranksters
Girls come through, lookin' by and all fine
But I know in their mind, all they see is dollar signs
So back off, yo, I might met to a ho
Wait 'til nightfall and take her ass to the mo-mo
Blaze up some indo, sip a little 8 Ball
5 minutes later, I'm all up in them drizzos
Knockin' down them Wizzos, with my bulldozer
When I'm ready to switch I'll tell the girl to bend over
Do a little smackin', trippin' and then I'm through
Tell her yeah give me a call sometimes tomorrow around 2
It's now 2 o'clock and she hit me on the hip
But I can't call her back cause I'm tryin' to stack my grip
The trick might trip the next time that she see me
Messin' around to get her ass slapped by the B.G
I'm not a women beater but still I ain't givin'
Up a damn thing, yeah trick, that's how I'm livin

[Hook: Michel'le]
K.O. lettin' you know
That you can't live with this
That's how livin in 9-4
Yeah, let it flow
K.O. lettin' you know
That you can't live with this
That's how livin' in 9-4
Ooooohhh yeaahh

[Verse 2: B.G. Knocc Out]
Before the brother was rappin', the brother was straight robbin'
Gafflin' up my mailbox like a part time jobbin'
I did it cause that's all I knew
I dropped out the school in the 8th grade
Doin drive-bys with the 12 gauge
Livin' foul as a child back in the days
Until I find out, that the crime does not pay
At age 13 I went to juvenile hog
And on the inside they treat the brother like a dog
So being locked down really ain't the lick
They get to tell the brother once you sleep don't sniff
But forget that, I'd rather be free out in the streets
Gettin lay everyday and don't have to beat my niece
Be gatherin' to sneak with E, when and where I wanna
Hangin' with the homies drinkin' 40's on the corner
Now I'm on wax, kickin' straight gangsterism
Lettin' fools know in '94
Cause yo, that's how I'm livin'

[Hook]

[Verse 3: B.G. Knocc Out]
Now I see the small delight in just bangin'
Goin' state to state on the plane entertainin'
The world, rockin' shows, knockin' hoes, everywhere I go
Everybody knows K.O
And I said, it feels good to make it out the hood
And be some body like I had always said I would
But though I'm still starvin', no more drive-byin'
The streets get worse but still the brother keeps tryin'
To be the best I can, with no time to waste
And since I went straight, I keep the smile on my mama's face
Now I'm a father, I strap a little harder
June 19th of 93 out comes my daughter
Sometimes I get a blur and think about doin' dirt
But I checked myself, and put my focus in her
That's how I'm livin'

[Hook]

[Outro: Audience flipping radio stations]
... where ever the fuckers ...
... hipped out and stepped forward ...
(*static*)
... how I'm living..
... 94 ...
... ay, man ...
... just don't (*static*) we're entertained ...
... no shit, man ...