[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Jumping off the front porch with a new approach
Don't approach me with the bullshit
I remote to a location where the broom sit
Here I go street sweeper Monday to Friday, if not go
We can catch a fade, catch a fade, catch a fade
Catch a fade, catch a fade, catch a fade, catch a fade

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Pulling up and hopping out
Shell, catch it poppin out
And I ain't never been a Tom or Jerry
Pussy or a Rat, pussy on my nutsack
Carry plenty Kenny tats give me that give me plenty Feddi
Federales on my back, pack them in the cemetery
Send a scary hit out on your messenger
Im ignorant to wrestle a gorilla in the center of a acura intergera
I'm pissed off, so I piss off rooftops
Drinking through a straw, fuck a rental cop
I'm hot I'm napalm when the beat slap like eight palms
And I wear eight charms, every airport alarm
Go off till they tackle me, what I do wrong?
Nigga it ain't bout the chain, nigga you the fucking bomb
Bomb on a bitch nigga then his bitch later
Put the tips on the bitch, nigga you a fucking waiter
I don't even want a favor I just want a fair one
And it's like that till the sheriffs come

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Droop-E]
Look, problems we solve them, bout that action
One less sucker nigga, that's subtraction
His boss is, factors on the team
Real niggas, no actors on the team
Not you, who Droop, he a good dude
Put him in a bad mood, turn you into goon food
I'm in the party, feeling like me
S-I-C-K, with TDE
Your bitch want sex and my ear like wax
And this Landy got her ready to get it hit from the back
She shows up chump, salute give daps
Get your face flat, you don't want that
Get your nose tapped, you don't want that
Get your life fucked up all over a batch
Get cropped, get chopped, all over your head like a barber shop
Have it out in the parking lot

[Hook]

[Verse 3: E-40]
Stay turned, super charged up, stoned
Ghetto pass never revoked
Mouthpiece faster than a speedboat
Keep it one hundred like a C-note, P-coat
Po-po tryna decode lingo
Not drunk but I'm finna be hella twisted
Lifted like a toilet seat, grown ass kid
My bitch always telling me, I ain't shit
She hate me, but she love my dick
Trapper factor macker having money like a rapper
Bumping local talent pulling up with the blabber
Patna wanna challenge cause my pockets hella fatter
But he gone be unlucky like walking under a ladder
Put hands on a man, fuck unity
There's nothing between us, but space and opportunity
Never been a sucker, never been a lame
Stay in your lane you can't see me like a stealth plane

[Hook]

[Outro]
Where you from Droop-E? (The West)
Where you from Kendrick? (The West)
Aye 40 where you from though? (The West)
Who bring it to their front door? (The West)
And where they get their game from? (The West)
And where they get their slang from? (The West)
And where they get their strains from? (The West)
And where they get their grapes from? (The West)[Hook]
You want this dick?
(Yeah I want that dick)
You want this dick?
(Yeah I want that dick)
Well come get it
(Imma get it)
Well come get it
(Imma get it)
(You want this pussy?)
Yeah I want that pussy
(You want this pussy?)
Yeah I want that pussy
(You go get it)
Im finna get it
(Well come hit it)
Imma hit it
Let's fuck
(Let's fuck)
Let's fuck
(Let's fuck)
Let's fuck
(Let's fuck)
Let's fuck
(Let's fuck)

[E-40 Verse 1]
UGH!
Shit, I'm feeling right right now
Lookin for the right bitch to pipe and take down
Let me pound that cake and put some cream on it
Yeah I like it but I ain't gonna put a ring on it
I'm tyrin to hit the back of the cervix and make you shake like you're nervous
Murk that shit without the funeral service
You got my dick hard looking just like a banana clip
Throw it back and I might just go down and take a lick

[Gangsta Boo Verse 2]
Pussy eatin niggas
Big dick niggas
Niggas, niggas ain't nothing but niggas
But if they got that check they can come and take a like
Make this pussy go squirt, yes
I like a rich ass, freaky ass man
Want this pussy on his moustache ass man
Send you back home make your girlfriend mad
Finger fuck me now you got cum on your hand

[Hook]

[E-40 Verse 3]
My sex game porn, and I don't care
Bitch turn around and put that ass in the air
Let me beat the monkey down like he stole something
Girl you go to work like you owe me something
I ain't genuine, but you can ride the pony
I like buck meat, put the pussy on me
I'm a shaker, you a mover
I'm a lion, you a cougar

[Gangsta Boo Verse 4]
Imma shaker and baby my body so tight
Waist so small but this ass so right
Face down, ass up, that's the way I like to fuck with it
Come and get it, fall asleep in it
Pussy so wet call me rain girl you in it
Pussy so wet better bring your umbrella, ella, umbrella

[Hook]

[E-40 Verse 5]
Californication
You can be the head doctor I can be the patient
Ugh! Sexual relation
Monica Lewinsky style fucking masturbation

[Gangsta Boo verse 6]
Pussy monster, beat it up
If you scared let your girlfriend eat it up
Pineapple pussy sweeter than a fruit basket
And I might let you have it

[E-40 Verse 7]
I can hang
I can hold on keep going till you came
(Ok)
We can bang
You can get naked and I might make it rain

[Gangsta Boo Verse 8]
If I get naked your dick gon get hard
That's how I bring all the big boys to the yard
I'm so freaky behind closed doors
E-40 come and fuck me on the floor

[Hook][Intro]
Yeah, so you might see me wit uh... 87, rusty
I been on that but uh... you need to get on that
Holler at cha mane

[Verse 1]
Still throwin' beer cans in the gutter mang
Flick a parliament, hub cap ornament
Deer head on the wall it's a bubba thang
Not sparks, but I'm sparkin' a Parliament
Again I'm a chain smoker, stuck to the flame poker I'm hot
Keep the party going, don't stop!
New shoes, thrifty Bill Cosby sweater
Drinkin' out the keg no greek frat letters
Bumpin' skinny pimp, Petty and Eddie Vedder
Ain't no Eddy Bauer, no scary cowards
You better check tha Y-E-L-A-W-O-L-F
Buddy, I'm in ya ash tray like a toenail clip
Flick flick the cherry, don't ash on my sofa
I'm on some new mobile home shit come on ova
Keep heavy metal like a ton of boulders
Check out my donk it's dirty brown, I know it's dirty brown boi!

[Hook]
Thats what we on now!
Yeah holler, I got 20 bucks and I don't give a fuck
A pretty country girl and a pick up truck yeah
Thats what we on now!
Doller at che, yeah, when the sticks meet the bricks
You gon see all a my people up in that bitch like
Thats what we on now!
20 bucks and I don't give a fuck yeah
Thats what we on now!
A country girl and a pick up truck yeah
Thats what we on now!
When the sticks meet the bricks
Thats what we on now!
All a my people up in this bitch, bitch

[Verse 2]
Lemonade is made from lemon's aid
Then I'mma make fine china from a paper plate
I'mma dip low, like paper planes
In the Cheverolet, like it's a major thang
Sign a major deal, with a major payne
They gave me a budget, I bought a bicycle frame
I rode that bitch around Walnut park
Put a stack in my pocket and then blew it at Wal-Mart
On a jacket, a pistol, and a packet of blow darts
If you enter my scope, you gonna need a strong heart
Strong art, the heart of Dixie got history
You sittin' on 32's we sittin' on 60's
Mud tires and barbed wire you drive for hours
You won't see nothin' but pine trees and wild fires
And BOOM! Out pops a B Boy
The mossy oak is dirty brown, I know it's dirty brown boi!

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Jimmy crack corn, then he threw a bar stool
Mother goose broke a wing and still flew the coup
She gave Jimmy 20 bucks and threw him a deuce
Left Jimmy on the string like a loose tooth
See these the type of people that I'm used to
Hard knock country boys fuck a new suit
Fuck a new coop when you need a new roof
Give me the whole stake from the ruler to the two
Give me the ruler too, measure it up
Theres good money in the pyrex mesurin' cup
Ricky Bobby's on the corner he's tearin' it up
If he don't slow down, he'll be wearin' a crutch
Ricky needs to take it to tha highway
But you can't tell him shit, cause it's Friday
Ricky's got a needle, thats how it's goin' down?
He looked at me and said "That's what I'm on now."

[Hook][Intro]
Uh...... Yeah.....

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Sippin on that Rossi Wine
Puffin turtle feelin fine
Its just me, myself and I
All I need to free my mind
Nigga, nigga (Im Out'chea) nigga, nigga, nigga (Im Out'chea)

[Hook: Droop-E]
Puffin turtle feelin fine
Sippin Carlo Rossi Wine
Its just me, myself and I
All I need to free my mind
Nigga, nigga (Im Out'chea) nigga, nigga, nigga (Im Out'chea)

[Verse 1: Droop-E]
Yeah, Uh, don't worry bout whats in my cup
Sippin on that purple stuff and I ain't talkin syrup bruh
Carlo Rossi wine, Burgundy, ask about Droop-E
I guarantee your bitches heard about me with the urgency
She just wanna' suck success, smoke turtle
We call it turtle cause' its green and it makes you move slow
Donatello, green or purple ain't no suckas' in my circle
Money on my mental, heavy on my grizzle
This ain't a movie, they'll rob you for your Dinero

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
In the middle of the Warzone I be on
Sippin on a big bottle of that burgundy
Mutha'fuck yo styrofoam
Big barrel, baritone
And It sound like Barry White
And it boom like an eight-o-eight
Turn yo' ass to a parasite
On the freeway I rock to the snare
Don't get me out my loop my nigga
A bad bitch I ride with a pair
Like the fruit my nigga
The paparazzi gone shoot my nigga
But I don't pay em' no attention, Im a put em' in detention
Head of the class, head in the e-class with the tint missin'
You said, I know that you said
More company? I probably don't need it

[Hook]

[Outro: E-40 (Repeat x2)]
Top of the line wine, Carlos Rossi
Cause I'm on some of that
Top of the line wine, Carlos Rossi[Verse 1]
Bruh you heard about our lil nigga?
Naw what happened to our lil nigga?
They got a homie in Chinese cater and turned his car into a cheese grater
How long ago did this happen ?
About a hour and a half ago . where did they take him to?
The queen of the valley hospital.
What did the perpitraitors look like ?
A bunch of mop heads
Mop heads?
Yeah,some niggas with some dreads
Who told you this ?
This brawd
How the fuck she know she saw it?
Now I ain't the one to gossip but I'mma keep it solid , I think she why he got it
Now now the fact ain't been provin but I think that nigga was goosin
Who?
The perpitraitor my nigga I think that nigga was goosin too. Well where the brawd at?
She cut she probably gone for days, she was in the car with him but she didn't get hit she only got a graze
A graze? you mean to tell that bitch only got a flesh wound , while my nigga up there brain dead, layin up in the I.C.U room . now was these some clown niggas, or some really ready to get down niggas ? where them niggas at, what side of town I'mma spit they crown nigga

[Chorus]
Dont even look over there . act like we ain't trippin . next few days , partners came up missin . x2
The art of storytellin( the art of storytellin ) . x4

[Verse 2]
What you think we ought to do?
We gotta out think them niggas. You see it take a fool, to catch a fool. Anybody got any pictures ?
Go to they myspace page, bet you one of 'em rap. I can almost guarantee you'll find a flick with the rest of 'em in the back
Every since I received the disturbing news every since I ain't been sober we gotta react right now my nigga we can't wait for this shit to blow over
Well I been doin a little bit of homework and I know this brawd that know his cousin and his cousin know this dude and he on the Belushi, and he be mixin that shit with the pay-pay and dude be around the way-way and it just so happen she know where the nigga that pulled the trigger stay lay , his head at be hindin his yolla and keepin his fuckin bread at (his bread at), His broccoli, his okra, his greens, his guns and lead at (lead at)
Well let 'em know that we got muscle, let 'em know that we not weak ..... go to they spots everyday for a week
Man we in the middle of a damn drought, punkin them niggas out 7 62's and 2 23's showin 'em what we about

(Chorus]
Dont even look over there . act like we ain't trippin . next few days , partners came up missin . x2
The art of storytellin( the art of storytellin ) . x4[Chorus]
Chain on top a chain,on top a chain
Yellow gold (x5)
Diamonds dancing all on ma ring
Yellow gold (x5)

[Verse 1]
In d streets like a oil stain (soil)
Yellow brick road that’s what I call ma chain
Still in d hood like a motor
Had to walk before I crawled, fuck a stroller
Built for battle like a solja, staple a sucka like a poster (du-du!)
I started off a dollar layer, dodo stains in ma underwear
Now I’m balling like a rapper (40!)
Pulling up wit d slapper
Breaking up the block (block)
Speakers bout to pop (top)
Giuseppes on ma feet, trues on ma keys
Table diamonds on ma chains, Easter
Chanel,Celine, Prada,Karl Lagerfeld,Versace, Ascata

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Keep it all the way a milli
Really I just want a billi
Chains same color as Aborigini
Hair shining like an African heir
It’s in ma roots, my geneology
Smoke in da air, getting high as the patchies
Our cherokee, I’m wit a centerfold
She need vitamin D I give her vegetables
Bring d pedal to da flow, still hustling
Livings hella slow, still buffering
Telling Quinn CBD strings, losing in da OG game
Now I got chain on top a chain, you lame on top a lame
Don’t run it cause if you fucking for young true B
Sit with it going broke, putting change on next brains behind me

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Growing up I was a skinny ass broke nigga
Now I’m on ma fifth flight out nigga
Guess ma pockets wouldn't crew wit ma appetite
Touch ma change, I'ma touch yo life
Birdie niggas fading out like a outro
An they ain't got no power like some mondo
Got the Chevy wit d niggas who you hitting for
Trying gamble with a false you will go broke
Shawty give good pussy wid some good head
But she be playing with niggas, coed
Gold Jesus piece like the Pope
Loafer vinegar on verse selling dope
I ain’t perfect, he working on me
But lil mama keep tweaking on me
All dis dream make a nigga feel decided
I stick with it, there’s no treatment

[Chorus](E-40 and son talking)

(E-40)
Why was I born in these trifling ass times?
Why is it mandatory that I carry knives?
Don't be to civil cuz even white folks get jacked to
Doctors, high class lawyers and even Japs too
You ask me why I speak the real the way I feel
How come we call bitches hoes and you call us nigeros?
They want to do me like they did Stacks
What is this young black man doing with all that scratch? huh
I see some timahs on the yayo track readin they mail
Talking bout "I got white girl for sale"
But they ain't talking to me cuz I'm an oldie and they knows that
I used to be just like them I tell them "y'all get that scratch"
Magazine was never nothing like Bel Air
High speed shot outs and shit but I loved it there
40 where you've been playa, it's been a while?
Marinatin' accumulating paper pal
Y'all kind of doin it huh, you still grindin?
Hell yeah, you know them tapes you keep rewinding
Money ain't changed me, money changed the way people think about me
When I was broke all I had was my family
You know what kills me doe them fuckin' numskulls
I hate when blacks be clowin blacks on all these talk shows
It's bad enough we shootin up each other tradgically
Two days ago they found some brother smothered badly
Nobody's to be trusted in this day and age
To much jealousy and envy on the wrong page
And fuck the po po because that 39% tax I pay
Don't get me nathan but a choke hold and some pepper spray

Chorus

Our father who art in heaven
Hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come
That's the prayer that I say so spread the word
And if you feeling down and out read proverbs
You know that I've been tweakin off something strange
Startin to see a lot of womens at the shootin range
Domestic violence but here's an old ghetto myth
My potnas auntie scold her boyfriend with some hot grits
I'm from the G-E double T-T to the oh no
Where only few dare to go
(e-40 Jr.)
I spits game like a soldier
Tonk since I told you this
Rap kingpin giant, six year old vocalist
You don't want to see me
Do it like I do that
All up in your tall-can face I tell you get more scrizatch
Y'alll need to get up on it
The game is way to deep
I'm not your average hustler
I be creepin while you sleep
Game, Straight game
Get up on it , Straight game

Chorus-
It's all Bad[Intro]

[Hook]
Call me whip it back and forth
Mister get it off the porch
Ima hit 'em with the torch
Getting money is a sport
Talk and dance e'ry day
Mama taking me back and forth to court

[Verse 1: E-40]
Uh
It ain't gotta be over no skrilla
Man a dummy'll kill ya
Eat you up with the rototiller
Nobody can heal ya
Welcome to the mind of the fried and burnt
Cali-harm-ya life souped up and turnt
No ski mask, bare faced and all
Been looking forward for years, finally seen him in sol
A chance he prob'ly never would have got if it was night
There at an intersection, two active cameras at the stoplight
Disobedient and hardheaded
As you can see and can tell
School and education he failed
But in the streets he prevailed
His grandma used to always yell:
"Slow down sonny or you gonna end up going to hell
And you gonna burn for eternity."
"Forever?"
"Yeah, eternity."
"Man G-O-D don't give a mother-fuck about me!"
The mind-frame of a youngster
Depended on who he up under
Not acquired at his funeral singing "Going Up Yonder"

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Cousin Fik]
Can't nobody melt me
Fucker never felt me
'Til somebody shove me I'm the sickest nigga healthy
There's nothing you can tell me
Dice don't sell me
These hoes want to nail me
You niggas don't smell me
Can't stay up out of jail and he
Back and forth to court
Seen him in downtown Vallejo
He be: "Cousin you got a 'port?"
I said: "Brodie I don't smoke."
He said: "It's cool,"
Showed me a 40-cal torch
"Lil nigga you a fool."
Getting money be the sport
So we ball like Laveranues
Grown men clips yet
And bitches looking thirty-ish
Everybody clean but we do suckers the dirtiest
Nice with the flow everything I spit is courteous
But still I move mean like road rage
Give a nigga that gas, he need Rolaids
Magazine, homie, you could get a whole page
Stay up in a bad bitch's mouth like cocaine

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Turf Talk/Stressmatic]
Make a dope fiend my spokesman
Give him a bump of this (I'll take this shit)
Get him going, he'll be back and then he spendin' chips (Chill!)
Sucker repellent, stay far from me (Watch out nigga!)
You from that area that snitch from ? (New-ass nigga)
.357 stainless snub
If they fire it'll wake a nigga's game up
I got two P's of green (I need a buyer)
I need a coke connection (cause coke keep getting higher)
Back, forth and forth
Cookin' in the kitchen, pitchin' pitchin' off the porch
Milk like money, smell it through my new denim
Fake like my pockets got weights in 'em (Damn!)
They got me back on my mailman federal shit
We don't need your weed got ? gang for a pinch
I got crack dreams, man I'm gon' blow up!
Ain't no money why the lawyer gon' show up?

[Hook][Verse 1]
Prepared for the hatred
With my problem solver my patriot
Goon up and get tooned up
Dropped off erased it
Stay dedicated and faithful to my camp (what about yo camp?)
Try ??? my loved ones they get stamped
Stapled, removed
Soil tested and block approved
Really a good dude
But he can get trooped
From the school of hubbarocks some life savers up in the socks
Sprintin and runnin from the cops
The cherries, the sirens
The po-po penelope one time
The alphabet boy’s stilettos
The sophisticated dog trained attackers
The K9 Sheppards
In order to do some right you gotta do some wrong
Got hella shit goin on
The dusty, the dirty, the smirk (ugh)
I ain't paranoid I’m prepared
I ain't nervous
When you cookin birdies in the kitchen
Can't be slippin like a transmission
Gotta be on your peesin toes
It's hard to make an honest livin
When your kids ain't got no clothes

[Verse 2]
Playin the game how it was meant to be played
The way it's supposed to be
Money hungry and sany
Soil savy and grainy
Hard headed and mannish
Me and my Philippinos and Hispanics
Romanians and Asians, Samoans, Tongans and Caucasians
Not no California Bears
Not no California raisins
All of us is fools
All of us is patients
Ethiopians, Afghanis and Eritreans
Africans, Jamaicans and Indians
Ugh, ave animal
We some hood hysterians
You can tell by the way I carry it that I'm a block barbarian
A goon witta spoon, wrist game sick
Pay the neighbourhood chef to teach a nigga how to whip
A nigga how to whip
A fixture how to mix
Got it clock wise twistin it
Drop it off, deliver it
Never half step
Go for the juggler
Get yo money man
Don't be no couch potato hustler

[Verse 3]
Fella you're a silent dude
Your name just came up
Bro you gon' live a long time
We just talked you up
Wha-what was the subject
What about was the subject
Was it good or was it bad?
The subject was about how you make them suckaz back up like sea crab
Gotta raise the white flag
Too many drinks they had
Disrespecting the boss, that's how you got fucked off
You mean something
You somebody
You really stand for something
They got big ass M on they chest (for what?)
For nothing
You know my homie with the two-toned legs (what about him)
He thuggin
A couple of them niggas were off
They licked the sweaty balls
These hoes nowadays is dogs
Givin up them drawers
Do anything for the cash
Wipe the coochie off witta napkin and take a hooker bath
Ain't none of my niggers kept us
They gotta pay our mackin ass
We be slummin'em we be trapin'em
In the slow lane and the fast
Money hogs fame and kissin
Alcohol weed and bitches man we back da fuck in business[Talking: E-40]
My nigga you see that shit?
Nigga that bitch thicker than... peanut butter in the freezer
Nigga I'm try'na have that that bitch mane
Well put'chu bid than
Nigga that right that bitch right that's a bad bitch
That's a bad bitch

[Hook: E-40]
That's a bad bitch mane that's a bad bitch
Nah that's a bad bitch mane that's a bad bitch
That's a bad bitch mane that's a bad bitch
That's a bad bitch mane that's a bad bitch
I just want to dig her out
Blow her coochie and back out
Show her what I'm all about
Bust a nut all in her mouth

[Verse 1: E-40]
Is she handling? Yeah she handling
Ass like a southern country girl from Grambling
She got yams, she got cakes
I'm try'na get mines off and check face
I'm not a trick I don't treat
I talk slick I use my mouth piece
My name good in the streets girl I'm a beast
Concrete from my head to my feet
Fat boy but I'm good in the sheets
Scorpio you better know it I'm a freak
Now drop that captain and come and get with this
I'm serious as a heart problem girl I ain't laughing
I met this afro American mix Hispanic ho
Puerto Rican chick love to cook and fungo
Dunk so big you could play the bongos
Got a drum roll booty thick juicy and jumbo
Damn

[Hook:]

[Verse 2: Stressmatic]
I'm on the punk rock broad with a tat on her throat
She breaking down the swishers so I know that she smokes
She prolly does coke but I don't do coke
I'm old school babe like DiBiase on the ropes
Bitch I'm on like I'm so gone
Hoes tell they partnas TJ's the bomb
Bad ass bitch, tall and she's thick
When you're a rapper you can just pick
Look into they eyes that I fuck up they lives
All my lady friends are like the Basketball Wives
Pretty ass broads, nines and tens
I fuck her and all of her friends
Fresh out the store with some brand new gear
I just leave a couple shirts and tell the bitch I live here
Honest, I don't ever make a ho a promise
I'm signing off now, Thomas
Peace

[Hook:]

[Verse 3: Droop-E]
Droop-E, that bitch is a problem
Pretty face from heaven but she hot like lava
Halle Berry waist, ass like shining
And she don't play games (no) head like Rihanna
I do it for the sport pull up in that new Porsche
Hatin' cause I got more hoes than a golf course
Droop-E, this shit ain't new to me (negative)
Coonary, she love me jewelry
Take her to the loft get boss no cost
I'm a Bay nigga baby, get with it or get lost
I been driving her crazy we can go round four
From the bed to the shower to the bed to the flo'
She say she a good girl but she seem so bad
Wanna introduce me to her mom and dad
Should I get married and let her into my chest
So just leave her dressed her white like a wedding dress

[Hook:][Verse 1:]
I'm a barbarian a savage, fully and semi automatic
A manage hustler with the package, rock like Lenny Kravitz
On a mission about my mail, petulant, chicken, Burney's and 12's
Rob a nigga if I have to, if all else fails
But that ain't really my get-down plus I'm the new laws of nature
It might not come back on me now but this will come back on me later
I'm from it, built for battle the Bay maybe in peace
Same Levis for weeks 501's, no crease
I pack a cannon, 44 like Clint Eastwood you see
A cannon? Yeah but not the cannon camera 7D
I'm whiskey, office landy
I don't know when I'll be sober again
I'm just not falling down from the sky finally coming down off my high
If it wasn't for the water the rap game will be dry
So I feed the soil life resuscitate the game
Breath life back in every real nigga that we lost mane

[Hook:]
Uh, he an animal, a beast
He don't eat, nigga he feast
"You're a barbarian, a savage"
Same jeans, for weeks
Out here with the zombies, fiends and tweeks
"You're a barbarian, a savage"

[Verse 2:]
Do the development while I might better tetch it don't wanna get caught loose
Some of these niggas are I'll when they get on pills and courage juice
Alot of these dudes ain't real lot of us cats are synthetic
Swivel, canapé yeah nigga I said it
I just screw up on top of suckers up on my solid dude list
Now I don't need no liabilities, I can't be taking the risk
Gotta say I found, go hard like them Marion Barbarians
What is beef? Can be no vegan or vegetarian
In the streets, I kinda hardly to let the palm trees mislead
Can I hear what that tough guy had activity will bleed you
Every time I look around I hear the streets blocked up
It's just like where you say send ya back in the pine house
I take my shirt off in this bitch, stretch marks and all
Turn into something, put my back against the wall
Dig the chalking I'm punching I'm try'na break a nigga jaw
Keep swinging and swinging until my enemy fall
BEOTCH!

[Hook]

[Verse 3:]
Mommy and daddy never home so we raised ourselves
No dental plan, medical insurance and health
So I'm out here with these zombies, dope fiends and tweeks
Bodies in the streets, covered with sheets
Unlicensed drunk drivers, sex offenders apprise
Suppose to be sain folks sinners and backslides
It ain't for play, one thing about Los Angeles, San Diego and The Bay
We quick to throw it all away in one day
Over some he say she say
Lock me up and throw the key away give me L.I.F.E
Give a fuck I'm a diet hero came my mentality
Be a barbarian till I'm old and grey for eternity
Ghetto celebrity, hey, specializing selling D
But right now it's a drought, so I'm selling tree
Zips, zaps, zubbles, peas for three
Thow-wow a pound, nigga holla at me, beotch* Wal-Mart online bonus track

[Intro]
Uh, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm
Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm

[Hook: Nelly]
I was out in the - Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay
Met some niggas from the - Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay
Met some girls from the - Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay
Lot of folks in the - Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay
And they all go - dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum
They all get - dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum
They all go - dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum
They all get - dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum
Ohh!

[Nelly - impersonating Spice 1]
Uh, uh, uh
Aiyyo I represent that Derrty E-N-T all the way
But I'mma rip this shit up like I'm straight from the Bay
But no it ain't the Spiggity 1 from back in the day
It's the diggity-diggity Derrty one, they call him Nelly
Leanin' on his Cutlass with his cellular phone
You could tell that the St. Lou' was his home
More mail than the rest of them rappers
Cause they did more stompin than the cappers
And that's why Ice clique was it
First name St., last name 'Tics
Half-brothers and they name Murph' and Ky'
Slo had a mask, City and Ali
Old school rep, color cranberry
Up in the abyss with homie E-40
Orange juice, mix it with the Tang-and-a-ray
Hey, what can I say? (huh?)
I was out in the..

[Hook]

[Nelly - impersonating Too $hort]
Who you think this is?
This ain't Short, this St. Louis
+Born to Mack+, ma that's my biz
Life's +Too Short+, baby catch my drift
I was told not long ago
"Nelly, don't stop that rap
If you do it well enough
She just might bring it back"
Then I yelled out BIATCH! I go on and on
Baby girl skills on the level of porn
A freaky tail that I met out on tour
Mama was bad like Lena Horne
$hort then said I got a dirty mouth
Sometimes that might be true
But I'm the CEO of Derrty mayne
So, I ain't trippin off you
I'm just out in the..

[Hook]

[Nelly - impersonating E-40]
Rock a green fitted, with a yellow A
Yeah I'm from the Lou', but today I'm reppin Bay
Bring the yellow tape, he ain't gettin far
Mirror in my pocket so I practice lookin hard
And you don't wanna be around when them boys pullin out them thangs
All my niggas is pimps, man they all carryin canes
I met this girl up in the club, she told me call her Wassie
Red bone thick, with a bangin-ass body
Now is I, now is I, should I save her?
Think about it, no way, UGHH!
Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane
What's his crew name? Derrty E-N-T mayne!
I just wanna know (know) tell me when to go (go)
Price is on the Cavi', but I can get it low
Pocket full of fatty and sippin that hurricane
So just sprinkle me mayne

[Hook]

[Outro]
Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm
Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Jumping off the front porch with a new approach
Don't approach me with the bullshit
I remote to a location where the broom sit
Here I go street sweeper Monday to Friday, if not go
We can catch a fade, catch a fade, catch a fade
Catch a fade, catch a fade, catch a fade, catch a fade

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Pulling up and hopping out
Shell, catch it poppin out
And I ain't never been a Tom or Jerry
Pussy or a Rat, pussy on my nutsack
Carry plenty Kenny tats give me that give me plenty Feddi
Federales on my back, pack them in the cemetery
Send a scary hit out on your messenger
Im ignorant to wrestle a gorilla in the center of a acura intergera
I'm pissed off, so I piss off rooftops
Drinking through a straw, fuck a rental cop
I'm hot I'm napalm when the beat slap like eight palms
And I wear eight charms, every airport alarm
Go off till they tackle me, what I do wrong?
Nigga it ain't bout the chain, nigga you the fucking bomb
Bomb on a bitch nigga then his bitch later
Put the tips on the bitch, nigga you a fucking waiter
I don't even want a favor I just want a fair one
And it's like that till the sheriffs come

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Droop-E]
Look, problems we solve them, bout that action
One less sucker nigga, that's subtraction
His boss is, factors on the team
Real niggas, no actors on the team
Not you, who Droop, he a good dude
Put him in a bad mood, turn you into goon food
I'm in the party, feeling like me
S-I-C-K, with TDE
Your bitch want sex and my ear like wax
And this Landy got her ready to get it hit from the back
She shows up chump, salute give daps
Get your face flat, you don't want that
Get your nose tapped, you don't want that
Get your life fucked up all over a batch
Get cropped, get chopped, all over your head like a barber shop
Have it out in the parking lot

[Hook]

[Verse 3: E-40]
Stay turned, super charged up, stoned
Ghetto pass never revoked
Mouthpiece faster than a speedboat
Keep it one hundred like a C-note, P-coat
Po-po tryna decode lingo
Not drunk but I'm finna be hella twisted
Lifted like a toilet seat, grown ass kid
My bitch always telling me, I ain't shit
She hate me, but she love my dick
Trapper factor macker having money like a rapper
Bumping local talent pulling up with the blabber
Patna wanna challenge cause my pockets hella fatter
But he gone be unlucky like walking under a ladder
Put hands on a man, fuck unity
There's nothing between us, but space and opportunity
Never been a sucker, never been a lame
Stay in your lane you can't see me like a stealth plane

[Hook]

[Outro]
Where you from Droop-E? (The West)
Where you from Kendrick? (The West)
Aye 40 where you from though? (The West)
Who bring it to their front door? (The West)
And where they get their game from? (The West)
And where they get their slang from? (The West)
And where they get their strains from? (The West)
And where they get their grapes from? (The West)[Verse 1:]
I was threw in the game with a shield and a sword
Started having money, buying things I used to couldn't afford
At the beginning of my mannishness I was the mannishest
I bought a nickel-plated .45th
Falcons, Granadas, Caddies and Fairlanes
Chevy Impalas, Cutlass and Mustangs
Donkey rolls, jewelry like a pharaoh
Troop jackets, d-boy apparel
Hop, weed, speed, coke, whatever you need
Knew how to add and subtract but barely can read
No, I can't - Yes, I did - No, I didn't
Either gon' be dead or successful or imprisoned
Triple beam scale, I was flipping the goup
Hella clientele, I was getting my loot
Concrete, I ain't made of feathers
Tear shit up just like some angry protesters

[Hook]
I come from the streets
Where they play for keeps
The strong and the weak
Gotta be concrete
I'm from the streets
Where every day they leak
Ambulance and police
Gotta be concrete

[Verse 2:]
He started off fast, came in last ran out of gas, but he was winning at first
What you call a person like that? A quarter horse
Entered the game and can't run a lap, a t-tortoise
That's domino talk, mayne, you mack - O-of course
You still in the game? Nah, we divorced
You make any change? No remorse
He full of shit just like a porter potty
His hustle game sloppy, triggered off on them boppies
I'm from what's right, maybe that's what's wrong
That's what I was just telling my little homie on the phone
Be a leader not a follower
If you will be a follower, follow the right leader
Stop thinking with your peter
My peter? Yeah, your dick
Why? A chick'll get you hit
Keep your eye on the sparrow
Get cornered and ambushed, they'll limit your space, your space is narrow

[Verse 3:]
He put his foot where his mouth is - good riddance
Gunned him down in the drive-through of Kentucky Fried Chicken
They wasn't gangbanging, but they was set-tripping
Ate him up real good, but he still living
The victim's parent's lawyer on the case for real
Try'na put the nigga that did it behind bars to make him pay they doctor's bill
But the shooter a monster, he hella feared
So ain't nobody talking, listen here
And not only that, but the victim don't want nobody saying nothing anyway
Because when he get out and get his shit together
He gon' put them niggas under the weather
When it comes to feuding and funking gotta be clever
Beef and commotion and drastic measures
From the top of my head to the bottom of my feet
I don't know about you, but I'mma stay concrete
Biatch[Verse 1: E-40]
Living the life in the quick lane only the strongest survive
These streets will swallow you up mayne, and eat you alive
Can't be no poodle, run tuck your tail and hide
They'll spaghetti your noodle, mayne, element of surprise
It's going around mayne, death in the air
Better not be scared cause hyenas can smell fear
There's not a lot of love but it's a whole lot of hate
Beware of your surroundings they're starving they ain't ate
The lick of fire awaits for those with no souls
Hot like a stove, hotter than hot coals
I'n not a knock, I'm the server, got hella clients waitin'
Fuck the FDA; the food and drug administration
That's the thought process of a soil soldier
6's on the Nova pistola, spinach and yola
I'm talking realer dope money this hustler makin'
And I don't cattin' and capin' and cupcakin'
I go bad on a batch man, I ain't playin'
Knock a broad without even lifting a handAin't even gotta touch her, mind games mayne
Brain fuck her, I ain't lyin'
Never been a bitch-made motherfucker just a professional sucker-ducker
I'm one nigger rich motherfucker, courthouses and diamond clusters
Fucks with hustlers, not no busters allowed around us
No sap suckers, snitches, bitches, or punk cowards

[Hook: E-40]
Yeah, nigga having thangs
Fancy cars and rings
This hustler bout' his chains
Nigga really out here doin' it? (Doin it)
Claimin' hella fame
Everybody know my name
I'm deep off in this game
Whatever money that I get to (Whatcha livin?)

In the fastlane (x8)

[Verse 2: E-40]
Looking up with greenbacks on your mind is a good sign
My name ringing like a high school bell, like a church chime
This ain't chameleon, but go get a glass of wine
Listen to me preach my rhyme, sit back and recline
I'm too real to be unreal, too truthful to be fake
Daddy and mommy went they're separate ways when I was eight
But it made me great, more stronger and god-willing
A few years later, I'm worth a few million
Top billing, killing em' with my independent grip
Got rid of my digital scale and started making hits
Flipping all kinds of whips, Benzes, Cutlass, and Lexus's
Me and the clique of St. Charles, god was blessing us
Successfulness, all praises due to Allah
Jesus, Jahova, the most highest almighty god
Reverend Thurman and Mother Thurman, I miss you much
I know you up in heaven watching over us
If I can help people, that's what they taught me to do
Can't save the world, but I can help save a few
People talk behind my back, laugh and smiled all in my face
Said my voice was too squeaky and my style was a disgrace
Now I'm hittin', they ain't laughin' all the way to the bank
Making deposits and promoting my own track
Backing with my nose in the air, like my shit don't stank
Came in the game blindfolded, stressin', guessin', walking the plank

[Hook]{*"Got it!" repeats in background for 8 seconds*}

[E-40]
You know they say they got it
But I got it man, hey, hey!
Uhh, hey, hey!

Independent scrill, mansion on top of the hill ("Got it!")
24 inch wheels, luxury automobiles ("Got it!")
Solid and polished, respect and recognition ("Got it!")
Thumpers all over the house all in the kitchen ("Got it!")
Getback skills, my nigga I'm a gritter ("Got it!")
Turn a scottish nickel to five or six figures ("Got it!")
Style, finesse and swagger - scavenger ("Got it!")
Connections, plugs, killers, manpower ("Got it!")
The gift of gab, the sales pitch of a real estate broker ("Got it!")
Cutlass Oldsmobile, 442 motor ("Got it!")
Mannish with it, I carry it like a boss
Knock that ass down, stand over you when I let off
Never out of touch, I'm always in the loop ("Got it!")
Side hustles, under the table loot ("Got it!")
Mailbox money, my nigga I'm the nigga ("Got it!")
Fixture, I got my own liquor ("Got it!")
Watches and rings, donkey ropes and bracelets ("Got it!")
I'm havin my change, paper, big faces ("Got it!")
Wisdom, neighborhood block experience ("Got it!")
I got game from dopefiends and pimps ("Got it!")
Loved ones that'll mash yo' head in ("Got it!")
Factors, that'll call shots from the ten ("Got it!")
Bitches, batches, broads ("Got it!")
They love this fatass Sick Wid It hog ("Got it!")
Benedict Arnolds, Judases and traitors ("Got it!")
Willy FooFoos, riffraffs and haters ("Got it!")
Mannish with it, I carry it like a boss
Knock that ass down, stand over you when I let off
The latest slang, the lingo and all the slick talk ("Got it!")
The sickest flows, the illest style, unorthodox ("Got it!")
The rapper your favorite rapper duplicate and mock ("Got it!")
The most recognizable voice in all of hip-hop ("Got it!")
Platinum and gold records all in the hallway ("Got it!")
Trophies, certified, by the RIAA ("Got it!")
Street credibility, history and longevity ("Got it!")
Father and son chemistry, me and Droop-E ("Got it!")
House to house, soil to soil, worldwide ("Got it!")
The whole family on my momma and my daddy's side ("Got it!")
The gift of spit, the gift to twist a pot ("Got it!")
If I ever had to go back to grit and cookin rock ("Got it!")
Baking soda, kilo grams of candycane ("Got it!")
'Cross the street, broken down Mustang ("Got it!")
Mannish with it, I carry it like a boss
Knock that ass down, stand over you when I let off

{*"Got it!" repeats in background until the end*}[E-40]
Man I can sell anything mane (anything mane)
I got the mouth piece of a pimp

[Hook]
Who want it
Who want it
I can sell it
I can sell it
Who need it
Who need it
I can sell it
I can sell it
I got a gold mouthpiece
I can sell it (2x's)
Holla at me in the streets
I can sell it (2x's)

[E-40]
I can sell a flat tire to a bike
A left to a right
A root beet to a sprite
A dick to a dyke
A mute to a mic
Wind to a kite
Dark to bright
A shadow to a light
Cheese to pizza
Slut to a diva
Stripes to a zebra
Spots to a cheetah
Tall can to a liter
Sell sound to a speaker
A bucket to a Beemer
A scam to a schemer
Sell love to hate
The truth to lies
Sell real to fake
Sell shit to flies
Sell gas to Texaco
Insurance to Geico
Tank full of petro
Minutes to metro
Hill billy like Jethro
Magazines Street though
Screaming that Hillside (Hillside)
Straight up out the Valley Joe
It's Sick Wid It
In case you suckas didn't know
I can sell snow to a ski slope (Biatch)

[Hook]

[Cousin Fik]
I can sell mud to a worm
Sell a pimp a perm
Knock a bitch on a straight path
Sell her a term
Sell fire to a match
Ice to a freezer
Sell itch to a scratch
Sell credit to a VISA
Sell the club for street weed
Zip for zip
And fly to Iraq & sell extra clips
Sell sand to the beach
Fuzz to a peach
Get double for each
Sell lips to a leach
I can sell Buffy some ass
A bum some trash
Sell trees in a forest
Sell a yard some grass
Sell the future to the past
A blind man some glasses
Miles to a car
Cigar some ashes
Sell wool to a sheep
Dead man some sleep
I can sell some best friends some beef
Shit...
I can sell a shark some teeth
I got a nigga's nigga
Yall can get it from me

[Hook]

[E-40]
I can sell grapes to a vineyard
Chicken to the colonel
Keys to a custodian
Speed to turbo
Kicks to Beckham
Skills to a veteran
Pills to Excedrin
Joy to depression
Sell a bar some drinks
A coat to a mink
Sell some thoughts to a thinker
Psychologists to a shrink
I can sell weight to a gym
11 times outta 10
Sell rain to a storm
Sell blow to a horn

[Cousin Fik]
Look I can sell sugar to a cake
Water to a lake
Shoes to a snake
Shake to a quake
Wings to a boat
Sleeves to a coat
A page to a book
Some crimes to a crook
I can sell thin to frail
A shell to a snail
White to pale
Off to a scale
Grind to a block
Time to a clock
Silent to a rock
Detox to a knock

[Hook](E-40 and son talking)

(E-40)
Why was I born in these trifling ass times?
Why is it mandatory that I carry knives?
Don't be to civil cuz even white folks get jacked to
Doctors, high class lawyers and even Japs too
You ask me why I speak the real the way I feel
How come we call bitches hoes and you call us nigeros?
They want to do me like they did Stacks
What is this young black man doing with all that scratch? huh
I see some timahs on the yayo track readin they mail
Talking bout "I got white girl for sale"
But they ain't talking to me cuz I'm an oldie and they knows that
I used to be just like them I tell them "y'all get that scratch"
Magazine was never nothing like Bel Air
High speed shot outs and shit but I loved it there
40 where you've been playa, it's been a while?
Marinatin' accumulating paper pal
Y'all kind of doin it huh, you still grindin?
Hell yeah, you know them tapes you keep rewinding
Money ain't changed me, money changed the way people think about me
When I was broke all I had was my family
You know what kills me doe them fuckin' numskulls
I hate when blacks be clowin blacks on all these talk shows
It's bad enough we shootin up each other tradgically
Two days ago they found some brother smothered badly
Nobody's to be trusted in this day and age
To much jealousy and envy on the wrong page
And fuck the po po because that 39% tax I pay
Don't get me nathan but a choke hold and some pepper spray

Chorus

Our father who art in heaven
Hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come
That's the prayer that I say so spread the word
And if you feeling down and out read proverbs
You know that I've been tweakin off something strange
Startin to see a lot of womens at the shootin range
Domestic violence but here's an old ghetto myth
My potnas auntie scold her boyfriend with some hot grits
I'm from the G-E double T-T to the oh no
Where only few dare to go
(e-40 Jr.)
I spits game like a soldier
Tonk since I told you this
Rap kingpin giant, six year old vocalist
You don't want to see me
Do it like I do that
All up in your tall-can face I tell you get more scrizatch
Y'alll need to get up on it
The game is way to deep
I'm not your average hustler
I be creepin while you sleep
Game, Straight game
Get up on it , Straight game

Chorus-
It's all Bad[Intro: Lenny Williams]
Let go and let God
Fight your battles
All you got to do is just believe
And have the faith of a mustard seed

[Verse 1: E-40]
Ooh, Right now it's feast or famine
Either your eating or your starving
Houses upside down foreclosure government auction bargain
It's nasty out here it's bad it's awful as one big yesterday
Befor yesterday they picked up my car got repossessed
What's next?
They found cancer in her chest
My lil homie momma maine, they talking about cutting off her breasts
Ran hella test, mammograms and stuff
Nervous breakdown her husband left when it rains it pours it's rough
Somebody got shot today and everybody knows who did it
It's easy to kill a man but its harder to live with it
Karma used to take three years but now it only take thirty minutes
The victims family shed they tears Memorial Day they go to visit
The grave site the rest of the place were the family members layn
And then they light a candle and put flowers on it maine
A lot of my folks still here a lot of my folks been danish
Got to provide you with the peanut butter and jelly
But you got to make the sandwich

[Hook: Lenny Williams]
Let go and let God
Fight your battles
All you got to do is just believe
And Have the faith of a mustard seed
Let God fight your battles
All you got to do is just believe
Ans Have the faith of a mustard seed


[Verse 2: E-40]
I'm on the line with my relative she crying
She said: 'He might not come when you call him
But he always right on time.'
I said: 'Thats old people talk.'
She said: 'them old people ain't lying I was in church in
The other day and all i put was a dime
A dime?
Yep, a dime triple times I got breaded back today just enough to spend
But in a whole other way my income tax came in
Got some credit cards to pay and I own a couple friends
I said I'm saved ain't nothing to be ashamed
We all in the same boat but God is in the blessing game
The majority of us is broke we all going through some thangs
You gotta pray and hold onto your hope like a hub cap in the fast lane
My daughter pregnant and her boyfriend don't give a damn
Cereal, milk, cheese and egss apply for the WIC program
EBT, EBT, Electronic benifit transfer, it's plain to see
Single parents got it hard


[Hook:]

[Outro: Lenny Williams]
It don't matter what your going through
Trust in God & he will see you through
If you ain't got no money if you don't have no gas
If your in a relationship & seem like it ain't gonna last
Let go and let God, let go and let God, let go and let God,let go and let God ..
Let him fight your battles
Sometimes you got to moan
And This what i like to say
If you're in the projects, let go and let God
If you're in that prison cell, just let go just let go and let God
If you're in front of the judge , just let go and let God
Let go, let go & let God
If your down at the Welfare office, let go and let God
If somebody is standing in front of you got a gun pointed at you
Just let go and let God just let go and let go ,Yes he will he will fix it for you
I know he will just let go just let go and let God ..[Intro: Sade]
The light shot diamonds from his eyes
Hungry for life
And thirsty for the distant river

Sick Wid It 4 Life
Sick Wid It 4 Life
Sick Wid It 4 Life
Sick Wid It 4 Life
Sick Wid It 4 Life
Sick Wid It 4 Life
Sick Wid It 4 Life
Sick Wid It 4 Life

[Verse 1: Droop-E]
Im 22 ain't trust nuthin' since peek-a-boo
So treachery ain't shocking me like pikachu
Swear that they the truth I think they unbelievable
Its Sick Wid It Hogs up mayne we them dudes
I try to keep it simple but its really complex
Got my partna' out the hood got him rockn' crew-necks
Progress and Peace is what I preech
Put them goons on your head like vidal sassoon
Cuz' they just wanna' shine like the moon so bright
I just wanna chill get scrill and live life
They say I making history check my past dues
Its Sick Wid It so I wear it like a tattoo

[Hook: Sade]
I wear it like a tattoo
I wear it like a tattoo
I wear it like a tattoo
I wear it like a tattoo

[Verse 2: Droop-E]
Look at my right arm
Look at the other one
Lieutenant of the die hard
Imma' hold it down for my lil' brother
I thank God every day that I wake
If I die then my soul he take
Can see it in my eyes I really hate to say
That every girl I ever been with was a snake (Period!)
Last of a dying breed loyal like a pit bull
Shit I got the same partna' since pre-school
Never change, stay the same like a statue
Die Hard mayne I wear it like a tattoo

Hook

Hook[Hook:]
Rolex on my left hand, they blowing up my beeper (beeper)
Fuck the middle man, we got the chill for cheaper (cheaper)
Ballin ass niggas got a choke hold on the game (on the game)
Let me take you down memory lane (memory lane)
Rolex on my left hand, they blowing up my beeper (beeper)
Fuck the middle man, we got the chill for cheaper (cheaper)
Ballin ass niggas got a choke hold on the game (where you take em)
Let me take you down memory lane

[Verse 1: E-40]
From pushin bags of goop in the rain
Rockin up nostril dust
Me and my squad, my gang
Never been no powder puff
Used to blow that puffin stuff in the OAK
In a rental
Lucky's our safeway
For supplies and utensils
But that's in the past, I'm havin my cash, dropping on instrumentals
I wanted to be number one
Not number 2 like the pencil
If it wasn't for my pin, 'd be in the pen
You can't know where you going if you don't know where you've been
Always been low key ADD, I couldn't sit still I move fast
It was impossible for a nigga like me to sit on my fuckin ass
I had to get that cash
Make that money pile
Build up my brand (what else?)
And boost up my profile
Made it out the game
Smellin' like a rose
From the bottom to the top
But I'm steppin on people's toes
Blast off , higher than the moon
Been a hustler, since I came out the womb
(biach!)

[Hook:]

[Verse 2: Andre Nickatina]
Man I take you way back, to tik toks and to jax and new Jackson who dat
Man got the goin on the cutty
And blowin up you beeper bitch, just to get my money
Then hit the state fair with about 6 or 7 buddies
You stay inside on task force Tuesdays
So what you don't sell dope, don't make this april fools day
This is the town of bedrock and cook rocks and new gats and who dat
They got a lock on the crack sack
Then baby girl starts screamin, where the Macs at
As soon as they came out, the broke bitch steps back
The fat laces in Adidas was religion
And Las Vegas nights taught us all about sinnin'
I let the weed burn, had to let the wheels turn
Gotta live well, groomed straight to the orbit room
Nobody dare had job applications
Its three o'clock and gotta hit Nation's, memory lane
Rolex on my left hand, they blowing up my beeper (beeper)
Fuck the middle man, we got the chill for cheaper (cheaper)
Ballin ass niggas got a choke hold on the game (on the game)
Let me take you down memory lane (memory lane)
Rolex on my left hand, they blowing up my beeper (beeper)
Fuck the middle man, we got the chill for cheaper (cheaper)
Ballin ass niggas got a choke hold on the game (where you take em)
Let me take you down memory lane

[Verse 3: E-40]
(oooahh)
I had a grenada, Disha had a mustang, Beela had a caddy
We was young in the game
Street niggas, young and ambitious
Determined to win, from start to finish
It's the drought season, way too vicious
Call me on the under mayne, hollin' at bitches
Haters didn't like it but they had to respect it
They quit the first family and rap to get a gold Lexus
Talk hard cain, but you can call me slaughter cain
Sprinkle me mayne
Captain save a ho

[Verse 4: Andre Nickatina]
Man I was in line with scar face, hit the bitch screen
And if the dope was back again, the people call it ice cream
You got paid off a pipe dream
And then first pair of Michael Jordan's, first hit the crime scene
You sat low when your team jack and waitin did
I forget to mention yo, they jack them for their gold Dayton's
Basketball we watch Gary Peyton
Its when drug dealers really throw dope, brotha no fakin
We wore rings like straight Jamaican's
And yo the rap game was just getting started, for the straight takin
I reminisce yeah, but no pain
Cuz in the fast lane, the slow lane, the whole thang is memory lane
Rolex on my left hand, they blowing up my beeper (beeper)
Fuck the middle man, we got the chill for cheaper (cheaper)
Ballin ass niggas got a choke hold on the game (on the game)
Let me take you down memory lane (memory lane)
Rolex on my left hand, they blowing up my beeper (beeper)
Fuck the middle man, we got the chill for cheaper (cheaper)
Ballin ass niggas got a choke hold on the game (where you take em)
Let me take you down memory lane (memory lane)
Oooahh[Verse One: Gilbere Forte]
I’m usually on some first name basis
But niggas fuck my name up so much, I wanna change it
A wise man told me to live what my mama gave me
A chance to see life outside of a lady
I’m 24 now, no rain in my clouds so my sky stay true
Purer than ice blue, when you closer to your dreams
People that surround you start hating on your team
They wanna wear a crown too
You try to chase a life that don’t wanna find you
It’s hard to gain credit for something that’s not you
The price people paying to make it as a fan
Keep you closer to the game but you lost in the stands
I ain’t no missionary but your girl love dictionary
It’s clear that I’m able to tell it all
The truth is a weapon, I’m the quickest on the draw
Race a life and playing chicken, I ain’t getting out the car bitch

[Hook]
You riding so cold, treble real low, bass keep thumping, we nodding
Niggas turned up, smoke in the air, Kush rolled up, we mobbing
You riding so cold, treble real low, bass keep thumping, we nodding
Niggas turned up, smoke in the air, Kush rolled up, we mobbing

[Verse Two: Droop-E]
Me, I’m a pro, they? Proteges, I’m from the Bay
I got more game than Milton Bradley
Sadly, I tell you a lot of these fools fakers
No soul like some Chuck Taylors, high in the sky
Smoking cherry pie on a flight, red eye
Land at 11:45, I tell her relax, recline, kick back like recoil
Now she spoiled, it’s a wrap like foil
Shout out to rapping forte, Gilbere and E-40
The sick with it lieutenant about to bring it back like Rogaine
The niggas square like cubicles, girl, you beautiful
From your hair to your cuticles, uh, I was built for this
I was born in this shit, I was made for this uh
I don’t think y’all understand, since H3, already been a made man

[Hook]

[Verse Three: Casey Veggies]
Homie, my generation fucked over, I give out luck to four leaf clovers
At least I can save up, cop a Range Rover, got a chick in the back
And she a grade over, a little older ‘cause I’m fresher than a Folgers
My girls all in the front row, they all having good times
Wrote it down, took ten minutes to spit all good rhymes
Just trying to shine my nigga, I’m three years strong on that grind my nigga
One hand to the sky for those no longer with us
All daps and handshakes, if you paying, you’ll get us
Girl, if you come to the hotel, you laying with winners
And Inglewood killing but I stay away from splinters
And niggas hating on it ‘cause they can’t ball with us
Girl, you know that you come here and take your pictures
I’m a star, I would too if I was you especially that I know what I’m gon’ do, Veggies

[Hook 2X][Hook: Stressmatic]
My lil grimey nigga, he don't rap or nothing
The one in front of the club in the hoodie that be busting
He don't love nothing, his pockets on slim
So when you go outside you better watch out for him

[Verse 1: E-40]
When my lil grimey nigga come around fools get nervous
Cause he ill and sick as the fuck, smirkish, heartless and merciless
His daddy don't claim him even though he looks just like him
His mama been on goup ever since 1990
In and out of foster homes, YA, juvy, still ain't reformed
They say the doctor dropped him on his head when he was born
My lil grimey nigga maney, janky like tricked dice
Never been to church in his life, no conscience, put you on ice
Pack a gun and a knife, aim it right at your brain
Looking like a plate, tuck it or you gon' get took for your chain
Him and his partners mannish (?)
With a AK-47, pistol, handgun, assault weapon
I be tryna tell my lil grimey, "Slow down!" But he ain't listening
Lil nigga hardheaded, look forward to going to prison
Don't care if he make it to 25, he ain't tripping
Fifi, belushi, and pill, syrup and chacha sniffing

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: E-40]
My lil grimey be lurkin and prowlin in the wee hours of the night
With the (?)
Looking to bump heads or cross paths with anybody that he got a problem with
Lurking at the gas station on some old floop shit
Trained and programed to go, about his dough
A hitter, not a barber but carry a extra clipper
Got hella next of kin cousins and uncles, up out the Rich
El Sobrante and Hercules teach him, taught him how to fish
My lil grimey nigga, all the time right behind me, nigga
On the block with the Glock where you can find me, nigga
They didn't see his face, but everybody knew his name
Everybody knew his name, silhouette, his body frame
I wonder what set he claim? For the money, fuck the fame
Do he make it rain? Hell nah, he gangbang
My lil grimey nigga, keep a thumper stashed in his motor
Set to set robbing niggas, he's a floater

[Chorus][Hook: Nite Jewel]
Come take it slow, in your fast ride
Stop up on the road, red lights in a long line

[Verse 1: Droop-E]
I'm in the traffic slapping classics in my new school blasting
With the sunroof open on my way to check money
Sunny day, fly nights, every day shining bright
White bitch, half black, right wrist, NASDAQ
Sick Wid It, that's that, roll it up and pass that
Life is moving faster, heart is getting blacker
Climbing up the ladder, step by step, don't slip
Rep my set, bitch, checks to get flex and whips
With the stick-shift, I ain't trying to brag, but
I can't lie I'm still hungry and greedy
And unsatisfied, trying for the platinum
With the beat bumping Droop-E on the way to smack something
And I hope I don't get pulled over, marijuana aroma
[?], thought I told you we some soldiers
"Are you on parole?" "No, sir." [?]
In it to win it, period, end of sentence

[Hook: Nite Jewel]
Come take it slow, in your fast ride
Stop up on the road, red lights in a long line
So kiss me baby, cause we got time

[Verse 2: J. Stalin]
Smoking and riding, nigga, cause Livewire still mobbin'
We in the building, you niggas in apartments
Banger under my garment, make a nigga be quiet
[?] all black tints, [?]
She fuckin' with me, she might as well commit suicide
"Who am I?" Just a little nigga on the paper chase
A.D.D., but money the only thing make me concentrate
Fucking with these haters, these haters they get deflated
If they was [?], they get paid to not participated
Pupils dilated, I ain't smoking on that basic
Pretty black bitch, but she's sucking like she Asian
I think her name was Malaysia, I met her in Malaysia
She was doing tricks, so she popped it for a player
Swag on point, never threw a dollar in the air
Fuck with the real, I put you on like a pill
Just a ghetto-ass nigga shining like I got a deal

[Hook: Nite Jewel]
Come take it slow, in your fast ride
Stop up on the road, red lights in a long line
So kiss me baby, cause we got time
In the traffic
In the traffic
In the traffic[Intro]
Uh...... Yeah.....

[Hook: Kendrick Lamar]
Sippin on that Rossi Wine
Puffin turtle feelin fine
Its just me, myself and I
All I need to free my mind
Nigga, nigga (Im Out'chea) nigga, nigga, nigga (Im Out'chea)

[Hook: Droop-E]
Puffin turtle feelin fine
Sippin Carlo Rossi Wine
Its just me, myself and I
All I need to free my mind
Nigga, nigga (Im Out'chea) nigga, nigga, nigga (Im Out'chea)

[Verse 1: Droop-E]
Yeah, Uh, don't worry bout whats in my cup
Sippin on that purple stuff and I ain't talkin syrup bruh
Carlo Rossi wine, Burgundy, ask about Droop-E
I guarantee your bitches heard about me with the urgency
She just wanna' suck success, smoke turtle
We call it turtle cause' its green and it makes you move slow
Donatello, green or purple ain't no suckas' in my circle
Money on my mental, heavy on my grizzle
This ain't a movie, they'll rob you for your Dinero

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
In the middle of the Warzone I be on
Sippin on a big bottle of that burgundy
Mutha'fuck yo styrofoam
Big barrel, baritone
And It sound like Barry White
And it boom like an eight-o-eight
Turn yo' ass to a parasite
On the freeway I rock to the snare
Don't get me out my loop my nigga
A bad bitch I ride with a pair
Like the fruit my nigga
The paparazzi gone shoot my nigga
But I don't pay em' no attention, Im a put em' in detention
Head of the class, head in the e-class with the tint missin'
You said, I know that you said
More company? I probably don't need it

[Hook]

[Outro: E-40 (Repeat x2)]
Top of the line wine, Carlos Rossi
Cause I'm on some of that
Top of the line wine, Carlos Rossi[Turf Talk] + (E-40)
Damn nigga, ay where Mikey at mayne?
Ay, ay Droop-E, Droop-E! You old enough to drink nigga?
Whassup cousin? (Whassup tycoon, what's goin on?)
It's your young nephew Turkey mayne
(What is it boy? What's goin on family?)
There's a lot of shit that need to be said big cousin
(Talk to me, I'll talk back)
First of all I'mma start by just sayin we can't be fucked with
And you know it!!! (Ooooh)
Got all the whole hood in this motherfucker (the whole soil)
Sick Wid It nigga (now) been runnin this shit

[E-40]
Look out pimp!
Oyster Perpetual, cushion cut bezel
I'm busy I ain't even had time to eat a fortune cookie
Since I signed with BME every promoter
And every agency in the industry been tryin to book me
Mackin-ass 40, what that do?
Sometimes me, always you
Man you a real-ass nigga, man you a boss
If I had yo' hand I woulda been done cut mine off
A cult following, hustlers they love me
Kill a tree and put a rock in the hospital over me
If you see me up in the mountains with a lion, I ain't lyin
Nigga don't help me, my nigga help the mountain lion!
Uhh, chalupas, revenues, yaper, thousand dollar stacks
Turn a couple of ki's into a couple hundred racks
The main drag, the soil, the blacktop
The gravel, the D-spot, we open like IHOP

[Turf Talk]
Yea mayne! These motherfuckers know!
Nigga this is big 40-Water motherfucker!
The ambassador of the Bay nigga!
Nigga we stay eatin over here motherfucker!
You niggas need to step your motherfuckin weight up nigga
Sick Wid It, BME motherfucker

[E-40]
Look out pimp!
Hit me on my chirp, I got that work
Fuck e'rybody else, I got myself on my shirt
Better hurry up and come and get 'em we got the lowest rates
I'm tellin you pimpin cause they goin like hotcakes
Cops come and spoil it we flushin it down the toilet
Throw it in the battery acid and then destroy it
Pay attention and learn, while I teach you how to grit and grind
Fifteen five? All the time (cool)
These square-ass rappers, they get a few bucks
Then they, lose contact get out of touch
With the, with the streets, we stick to the turf like cleets
Off the leash, we thirsty we hungry we beasts
Look out, watch out, here come the jumpout
Hide your dope in your anus, and put the weed out
'Fore they beat us and choke us and take our funds
And shoot us with them tazer guns

[Turf Talk]
You niggas'll get your motherfuckin head knocked off fuckin with us boy
Nigga we been doin this shit nigga
Niggas need to bow the fuck down and pay homage nigga
Niggas been stealin our shit for years 40!
Niggas brave to talk around these motherfuckers, WATER!

[E-40]
The whole enchilada, the whole taco
Motherfucker I'm a capo!
Play with hundred round drums
Me and my u-salaam(?)
A stingy nigga, watch every penny that I spend
Go to any hood in the world and fit right in
A young nigga, with an old soul
A busy nigga, put the President on hold
Ride Vogues, 26 inch toes
Got the inside of the laws smokin like broke stogs
You can find me in the mall, buyin up all the clothes
Or in A-T-L or Club 112, throwin them 'bows
Left and right arms froze, cold like the ice from the cooler
Just left the jeweler, rose gold, Frank Mueller
I smoke big, growin weed in my garage
Police roll up, I got a cannabis card

[Turf Talk]
Wait wait wait! Money.. power and respect motherfucker
40 told you niggas mayne! We hongry nigga!
We eat soup with a fork around this bitch mayne!
Knahmean? Step your motherfuckin weight up nigga
You niggas pockets is touchin motherfucker
You starvin! {*laughter*}[Intro]
Yeah, so you might see me wit uh... 87, rusty
I been on that but uh... you need to get on that
Holler at cha mane

[Verse 1]
Still throwin' beer cans in the gutter mang
Flick a parliament, hub cap ornament
Deer head on the wall it's a bubba thang
Not sparks, but I'm sparkin' a Parliament
Again I'm a chain smoker, stuck to the flame poker I'm hot
Keep the party going, don't stop!
New shoes, thrifty Bill Cosby sweater
Drinkin' out the keg no greek frat letters
Bumpin' skinny pimp, Petty and Eddie Vedder
Ain't no Eddy Bauer, no scary cowards
You better check tha Y-E-L-A-W-O-L-F
Buddy, I'm in ya ash tray like a toenail clip
Flick flick the cherry, don't ash on my sofa
I'm on some new mobile home shit come on ova
Keep heavy metal like a ton of boulders
Check out my donk it's dirty brown, I know it's dirty brown boi!

[Hook]
Thats what we on now!
Yeah holler, I got 20 bucks and I don't give a fuck
A pretty country girl and a pick up truck yeah
Thats what we on now!
Doller at che, yeah, when the sticks meet the bricks
You gon see all a my people up in that bitch like
Thats what we on now!
20 bucks and I don't give a fuck yeah
Thats what we on now!
A country girl and a pick up truck yeah
Thats what we on now!
When the sticks meet the bricks
Thats what we on now!
All a my people up in this bitch, bitch

[Verse 2]
Lemonade is made from lemon's aid
Then I'mma make fine china from a paper plate
I'mma dip low, like paper planes
In the Cheverolet, like it's a major thang
Sign a major deal, with a major payne
They gave me a budget, I bought a bicycle frame
I rode that bitch around Walnut park
Put a stack in my pocket and then blew it at Wal-Mart
On a jacket, a pistol, and a packet of blow darts
If you enter my scope, you gonna need a strong heart
Strong art, the heart of Dixie got history
You sittin' on 32's we sittin' on 60's
Mud tires and barbed wire you drive for hours
You won't see nothin' but pine trees and wild fires
And BOOM! Out pops a B Boy
The mossy oak is dirty brown, I know it's dirty brown boi!

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Jimmy crack corn, then he threw a bar stool
Mother goose broke a wing and still flew the coup
She gave Jimmy 20 bucks and threw him a deuce
Left Jimmy on the string like a loose tooth
See these the type of people that I'm used to
Hard knock country boys fuck a new suit
Fuck a new coop when you need a new roof
Give me the whole stake from the ruler to the two
Give me the ruler too, measure it up
Theres good money in the pyrex mesurin' cup
Ricky Bobby's on the corner he's tearin' it up
If he don't slow down, he'll be wearin' a crutch
Ricky needs to take it to tha highway
But you can't tell him shit, cause it's Friday
Ricky's got a needle, thats how it's goin' down?
He looked at me and said "That's what I'm on now."

[Hook]