[INTRO]
I'ma keep it G real
I don't fuck with you cuz you disrespecting me
You disrespecting my hood by telling me
Take off my flag I don't see how gangsta I was nigga
You lucky on that day I was acting cool cuz
I told you I ain't got time for that my nigga
Today I got time cuz!

[SAMPLE: STUTTERING KID]
That, that you um, you have, you you would, you could, you do, you w-, you want

[INTRO CONT'D]
My nigga you came up on me off some funk shit nigga
I don't make peace with niggas
I come up on me with some disrespectful shit
When I didn't even know you niggas...

[HOOK]
I don't know you motherfuckers
I'm off the soju motherfuckers
They call me mellow yellow
Yeah I'm rolling cigarillos

[VERSE 1]
I see your parents are worried you're fucking with yellow boys now
Tell 'em that they should be worried I'm thinking of hanging around [Korean phrase in background]
(They call me mellow yellow)

Y'all know me
Still the same OG, better Venmo me
For that eight ball that you picked up last week dog
You gonna learn like a Leap Frog
My people love me like FIFA
I be rolling with a hella hella deep squad
Asian bitches with the booty doing knee squats
Always banging with the colour-striped knee socks
Where the fuck you from?
Grew up in a swap meet, fake Versace
So I could give a fuck about your fit

Came to the US with a dollar and a [drinking-heavy?] father
Was a motherfucking pimp, shit
You see the 'Cash Only' sign on the register?
Gave half of the money to the minister
My mother was stressed her son was possessed
The devil takes no fucking prisoners

('Cos they call me mellow yellow)
I see your parents are worried you're fucking with yellow boys now
Tell 'em that they should be worried I'm thinking of hanging around [Korean phrase in background]

[INTERLUDE]
Set down your beer like
Nigga what's up?
How gangsta are you cuz?
How gangsta are you nigga?
I'll show you how gangsta I am nigga, you can drop off...

[VERSE 2]
You fucking up my hype before I was Mahatma Gandhi
Man I was loving life like white girls love their kamikazes
Now you in hot water
Shabu throw your body in the dock while I
Let her rot, then I feed her to the rottweillers
0 to 100
Shit that got violent
Anybody could get bodied on the low
Got a couple shottas on the phone”
With a hot head that don't got friends
Turn the party to a homicidal zone
Drinks to the fore
Sets being ripped up up up
Shots in the air
Shit's getting wrecked fuck fuck fuck
Pigs at the door
Weaves getting pulled
Blood being shed
Told you not to make threats

[HOOK]
(Mellow yellow)

Mellow motherfucker chilling with a hundred hoes
Share a POV another hundred Go Pros
At the karaoke bring the domis in a row
1 got a fat ass
2 got titties
3 making out with 4

I see your parents are worried you're fucking with yellow boys now
Tell 'em that they should be worried I'm thinking of hanging around [Korean phrase in background]

They call me mellow yellow[Round 1:  Dumbfoundead]
Shoutout to King Of The Dot and OVO one time
For flying out Jet Li on a Learjet cuz lil Romeo must die
My last battle was Battle Of The Bay 5
That was 5 years ago, when I was ‘yay’ high
I feel Paranoid on a 'Ye high cuz with these cameras, this host
And this little pussy, am I on Dateline?
I could kill you in 6 seconds I should just make Vines
Let’s save time, just say “time”
He’s probably gon say some Asian shit and pull out shoguns
Peking Duck, Ching Chang Chong
Wait, slow that down, did I accidentally diss you?
I said pull out yo guns, peeking duck, ching chang chong
That shit is easy as fuck, I don’t like to slow it down
When I spit a line, I want y’all to know it now
You always over-explain, that shit is overly done, ain’t y’all over it yet?
Ironic, the shortest motherfuckers always trying to go over ya head
How you that small? You look like a male Bratz doll
You know I actually auditioned for Wild 'N Out
Then I looked in the mirror and said, “that’s not what I’m about”
They had me rhyme in a Chinese accent, I told em I’m from Korea town
Then they asked the black guy next to me
To wear a wig and a Madea gown
Y’all know him as Conceited now
You’re a D-list celebrity, I’d rather keep my integrity
I’d make more money in my sleep while you sleep with the enemy
I couldn’t have bought my condo with Con dough, I got Dumb money
And that’s not a pun dummy, now I got young money for the artist fee
And you also got young money for modeling the cover of Carter 3
Look at his baby ass with his baby tats
You buy your guns at Baby Gap
Your first job you babysat
When you throw out punches they feel like baby daps
Ya favorite rapper is Baby Bash
That’s not a punchline, that’s real … baby facts

[Round 1: Conceited]
Listen here Dumbfoundead, now you going against the hoodie type
The gun’ll spit, give you a bunch of tips, I ain’t talking about good advice
Nigga you ain’t cooking me, the only thing you cook is rice
Aight, which one of y’all Dumbfoundead, both you niggas look alike
So y’all finally put Dumbfoundead in front of me
They say you are what you eat, no wonder why this cat kept duckin' me
Nigga me and this chin should’ve been battled
I would’ve sawed you and flamed ya
Don't think that the Dot is determined to save ya
Cuz they gave me the body I always wanted like a personal trainer
So I’ll pull up on that set you rep
Get ya stomach cut without doing situps
You better dip, it won’t work out if I spot
You with the pounds that I lift up
When the mac’s out you ain’t doing squat
Y’all better see Dumb bail when I send this chin up
This kid Dumb is the worst dressed in battle rap history
I mean I hate ya shoes b
You only roll in something fresh when you making sushi
And what you wear doesn’t match like the lips and words in Asian movies
Y’all move y’all mouths a million times for just one word and it still be off
Why?
They be like “……………..Hi”
The sound effects never on time either
It’s either like *kshch* or *huhhuh**kpshpsh*
But try that kung fu shit with me I’ma grip the 8
You don’t want me to cook ya noodle
Well get low man like what’s on ya dinner plates
Don’t believe anything this ninja say or one word he spit today
Cuz just like ya YouTube clip we know everything you kickin fake
This nigga’s name is Jonathan Park
That’s not a punchline, that’s real facts!
No cab when you see an arm wave
You can get hit with the knife
But a toast will spread when I give Park, K’s
I’ll show up at ya front door with a large 8 right where John stay
It’ll be looking like Monopoly cuz I got the metal piece at Park Place
You will get wet, grab a poncho nigga
I point with the 9 like Rondo nigga
And you gonna hear a lot of steel like I’m a Toronto nigga

[Round 2: Dumbfoundead]
How you say that kick video was fake? That shit was real
It’s as real as you grip the steel
If I can’t kick it, yo ya bitches will
There's perks to being short, I don’t care what y’all think
When you got small feet, you can get the Jordans all cheap
When you order a shot at the bar, that’s a tall drink
He got 3 hot tubs at the crib, all sinks
I know these short jokes are getting old, but I ain’t even gotta use those
They’re just starting to grow on me, but you won’t
So I had some of my North Korean homies hack into ya emails
I found some very interesting details
Keywords like: latex, shaved legs, jpegs of Taye Diggs, all types of gay shit
But I know you ain’t gay cuz you into Asians, but yours look like cavemen
I stay with a bad bitch, what you think is a dime is maybe ehhh 6
Like if you went to a Thai whore house they be last pick and have dicks
I get the top hoes at the Brothel
You couldn’t reach the top row at a Costco’s
It’s impossible, you’re hella short
You, Emmanuel Louis, Gary Coleman, Martin Lawrence
Lil Bow Wow, Big Bow Wow, and Kevin Hart
Black Hollywood’s 7 Dwarfs
A bunch of midgets in the woods living large
You seem all tough in Hollywood
But it’s all an act in the end like Bollywood
When I’m talking K pop, I ain’t talking Gangnam Style
I’m talking Gangland files
In LA words can get you killed like the hangman round
Lately the battle scene has gotten Iggy Azalea
But I ain’t talking black and white
I’m talking make believe and actual life
Hear how you glorifying guns and probably gon have a blast tonight
There’s some kid in every major city in America
Who’s gon get blast tonight
You have imaginary guns, some people have mandatory ones
I seen them Wild 'N Out reruns of you rapping having fun
The homie died the other day, the news ain’t ran the story once
Sometimes I think we both forget that we both sell rhymes
But hook us up to a polygraph, bet I won’t fail mine
With ya folktales of dope sales, ain’t no shells flying
Cuz real rounds don’t end when the host yells time

[Round 2: Conceited]
You and ya whole Asian gang, I’ll just use one fist to hit you
I’ll put my right hand on that yellow circle, that’s Twister nigga
Double deuce deuces, with these little blickers I’ll grip the trigger
You could get shot down by the twins more than Roger in Sister Sister
I’m quick to grip a Wesson or a 12, I’ll let the weapon give you hell
Just like your fortune cookies you can get the message from a shell
You cuff ya bitch like she in jail when she give me mad choch
Yeah, you’re part of the Swim Team, I give her back strokes
She give me fast throat and do good when she south
Since she eat with chopsticks
She should be used to having some wood in her mouth
But she has the flattest ass and chest I have ever seen
She such a small skeezer
If I was you I wouldn’t be wrestling to hit that raw neither
I mean she from China, why would you take her?
No matter what she rock nothing big shows
From any angle that John seen her
This large nina make sure ya nephew and niece are slaughtered
And ya aunt may find ya uncle been killed like Peter Parker
Nigga the clip will be on ya head, you don’t need a barber
And that shit will “BOW!” like you when you greet ya father
I’ll kick in his door, walk in his home, start waving like I’m finna go
When I’m licking ain’t no envelope
I’ma hit ya sensei, ya grandfather, I’ma kill ya folks
I’ma bring the Maggie to that yellow family like the Simpsons show
Y’all niggas know I’ma sling him, them 9’s I’ma bring em
And I bring the war to park like Wild Water Kingdom
I’m bringing the heavy can, any problems I’ll let the semi blam
If things go South Park soon as you walk I’ll
Make sure you get caught man how can he stand?
Y’all catch that? Kyle, Cartman, Kenny, Stan
Man that’s why this chinky hates me
If it’s problems I’ll get the shit jumping like Mr. Hanky
Now lastly they told me
By the looks of his eyes he might be sleepin on you
So I better come with it
I should be scared of his freestyles and horrified of Dumb's writtens
Had me like “shit in this battle Dumbfoundead gonna cook and eat me”
Nah just kidding
SLOW IT DOWN! I JUST DISSED YOU!
I said Dumbfoundead gonna cook and eat me? Nah, just kittens
HAHH!!!!

[Round 3: Dumbfoundead]
I’m opening up for Pat Stay and Charron, shake my head
I started this nerdy shit, this the motherfuckin thanks I get?
I get the club going up like iLoveMakonnen
You get in the club droppin names like “I’m with Nick Cannon”
He rocks expensive shit and licks his lips like LL Cool J over here
The difference is you’ve been rappin' bout dudes ya whole career
By the way what’s all that shit on ya neck? What’s all that shit mean?
Oh I get it, we all make mistakes when we’re fifteen
This is where me, Tunechi and Wiz link
We got grown man tats lil Tyga, that shit is Kid Ink
How much work could they done on you?
Matter fact that’s the only time you’ve had a gun on you
Ratatatat butterflies on your back
And some Chinese letters that don’t mean jack
Every battle you do is a short film
Oh you got unlimited ammo?
Does that mean I could have force fields?
Does that mean I could have orc, sword, shields
A giant hammer that Thor wields?
Does that mean I could have orbs, pills, potions to level up more skill?
Just cuz you talk about guns doesn’t make it more real
You’re a dork still
While you and your crew was playing Gangster: The Gathering
I went on a couple dates with ya family
Met his mama on Tinder, thought we had something special
I leaned in to kiss her, she said “SLOW IT DOWN! I JUST MET YOU!”
So I holla’d at his Auntie, real polite, real respectful
I thought she’d want me
But she said “SLOW IT DOWN! THAT’S MY NEPHEW"
My last resort was his sister, I knew I’d be successful!
I was like … all aggressive with it like “let me hit!”
She said “SLOW IT DOWN! I’MMA LET YOU!”
It’s funny how you think Organik is your friend but he’s just exploiting you
He’s like Nick Cannon at the end
But after this I may never have to battle rap again
But you, you’ll be back up here again
Battling with him, battling with them
Battling with enemies, battling with friends
What’s your name sir? Jim? You’ll be battling with Jim
With you it’s a never ending battle and the battle never ends
The end…

[Round 3: Conceited]
We was supposed to battle 2009 in Grind Time with the bars you ran
So what we need relay for?
You was pissed, I was buzzin, if we battled you would be a corpse
So that shows I been made John mad in ’09 like EA Sports
I mean I thought you would sign a deal
You mad cuz my views are climbing mills?
I know that shit was driving him crazy, like when you behind the wheel
I shoot and fire steel that’ll pop at ya
And I light 8 sticks like it’s Hanukah
Just to get you capped like a yarmulke
That’ll erase this mark like a swastika
I load and flash steel, that’s photographers
And the can it’ll cap it all like Ottawa
Yo I’m boxing ya if we brawl up in this place
You’ll get knuckles all up in ya face
And ya head be knocked off like the Jordans that y’all make
So y’all go and gave me this Chino in TO
Who eats soup named miso and he’s called a hero?
Nigga I will take every dollar you got if ya gwap got zeroes
Like that movie they was shooting, Heat
Al Pacino’s in the cast and Rob Deniro
SLOW IT DOWN! I JUST DISSED YOU!
I said we’re shooting heat, I’ll put Chinos in a cast and rob dinero
You take this Asian pride shit so far
Your favorite battle rapper is probably Math
I mean, there’s nothing left to talk about
You’re so Asian, when you get hungry you argue with ya girl on purpose
So she can put you in the dog house
You take this Asian pride shit so far, you probably love Ryu
And ya 2nd favorite battle rappers Tsu Surf
Cuz he puts his rhymes in subtitles
I should let the snub light you right now, you’ll let the pipe blaow?
Nigga pipe down, you ain’t got the Magnum for protection to pop
Con, Dumb it’s not in your lifestyle
I need you to tell me right now
Why do you use “R’s” instead of “L’s” when you speak?
He be like “Herro!” my favorite rapper is Ril Wayne
I mean now that’s the truth, I ain’t racist
I don’t know if that’s something you do cuz you’re Asian
But in this battle I’ll give you a L so you can use it in ya language
That Ruger get to banging
Put you in ya place if you coming for Con dough
Go realer with the bananas
For the monkey business wherever con go
Why would you think a nine would miss?
Bullets have no name but they still coming for John though
Y’all know S.O.N.S created a lane for any battler that has bars
Even when you Asian will break
And somebody down and killin em, that’s ours
No, when you Asians will break and somebody down and killin em
That’s SARS
So even if he did say he’ll boil me like Ether when he bust guns
These blickers kick back like 3 Ninjas
You Rocky? Put the colt to ya tum tum
And if you did have a gun
You would give nobody the bucks, you like Lush One
HANHHH!!!![Verse 1]
Genghis Khan, roll with a angry mob that's firin shots
That are Hollywood prop
We smoking up pot from the guy with the locks in the medicine shop
If you wanna know about my whereabouts party at the warehouse
Filming up a ratchet chick flick, Paramount
Fahrenheit ‘51 burnin up paper, whole ship down like a cruise ship anchor
Pissed off, let the pistol blow
Diddy in the club let the Cristal flow
Slow motherfuckers like escargot
Sleepin' on me must be narco
-Leptic yo exes are sending me titty flix to the text like XXX
If I give you D, would you give me weed and the keys to your whip, she like “Yes Yes Yes”
Woodstock everyday man I can't stop
Got drugs in my trucks in my Huf socks
Party with the bitches at the bus stop, why not?
Loud motherfuckers at the 24 IHOP
Fuck you, Fuck you, Fuck you, Fuck you, Not you, you’re cool
Half baked, and I’m looking for that Oracle bitch
Tryna find answers just like you
Just like you, yeah I'm just like you
But i got a whip and a chick plus two
We’re the role models that you look up to
Fuck high school lets get mushrooms
Confucius and cow shit that's awesome
Money stretched like Dhalsim
My gang is full of bosses

[Hook]
Hey
Where you from
Woof
I'm Genghis Khan
Ho
Hey, where you from
Woof
I'm Genghis khan
Ho
Hey where you from
Woof
I'm Genghis Khan
Ho
I'm Genghis Khan
I'm Genghis Khan

[Verse 2]
Mustache is a must have if you wanna rule like a king gotta look like one
Drink like one, smoke like one, be ready for a little bit of fistfight fun
Knockout punch with a roundhouse kick
Shoes off motherfucker, bow down bitch
Shitty flows go where the outhouse is
Chicka bow wow got your girl down for sex
Alfa male, I'm rollin' up L's as big as *[Fidel's] cigars
Ho
*[Trip of the] scales, I'm tipping the scales
Korean Abdul Jabar
Don't piss me off
Got a gift from God
Came up poor Les Miserables
Me and yo hood its different dawg
Yo Mr. Rogers I'm City of God
24K, no switchblades, AK47 warpaint face
Better obey, bro we pace
Gotta pick a side like the OJ case
Lord of the Flies, Where the Wild Things Are
Start a big brawl like the Foxhills mall
Stain on your shirt like BBQ sauce
Blood from your jaw being cracked by Khan
(Khan)
You know the name
Yeah motherfuckers you know the name
Can't spell Ganghis (Genghis) without the Gang
We take prisoners fuck yo chain
Don't bang, I bang hoes, I'm bankroll pursuing
But roll up lil Youngin and you better know what you doin!

[Hook]
Hey
Where you from
Woof
I'm Genghis Khan
Ho
Hey, where you from
Woof
I'm Genghis khan
Ho
Hey where you from
Woof
I'm Genghis Khan
Ho
I'm Genghis Khan
I'm Genghis Khan

[Outro]
Fe-fi-fo-fum we be startin wars fo fun
Why you throwin' up that peace sign when peace ain't gon' come
Fe-fi-fo-fum we be startin wars fo fun
Why you throwin' up that peace sign when peace ain't gon' come[Hook: Breezy Lovejoy]
Woke up so dizzy
Drunk and hungover
Can't find my house keys
Who was the chauffeur
Got one shoe on, and not the slightest clue, where my cell phone is

[Verse 1: Dumbfoundead]
What was the name, I was definitely on one
Ronda, Miranda, or Sandra?
Shouldn't have mixed that light with the dark rum
Now I'm in the bathroom, throwing up a lung

Gotta make a run for that Gatorade punch
Head pounding on the one like an 808 drum
Gotta grab Pho, hangover 101
It soaks it all up, you should know that bruh

Pocket full of numbers covered in weed crumbs
I'm a lover not a fighter, why my knuckles feel numb?
No pun intended but I really feel dumb--founded
On my neighbors front lawn throwing up

Seems last night I was acting like a fool
Tagged Facebook pictures of me jumping in a pool
Wearing nothing but a hat and my birthday suit
I was smashed to the max on a work day too

But I looked overjoyed in my polaroid pics
With my mustache fresh looking like a koi fish
My swag turned up on that soulja boy shit
Feeling real good about my bad choices

Who in the world is the girl in my bed
Who's the dude on the couch with dreads
And why in the hell was I drinking so much
Shoulda stuck with the weed like Breezy told us

Now I'm looking for the Folgers, awake from a coma
Making my way through empty bottles of Corona
Follow the aroma, it leads to the doja
Roll up, smoke up, and do it all over

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Breezy Lovejoy]
Friday night, just got paid
Brand new fit, clean boy shave
Feeling good, pregame, my place
The homies came through with a gang of fade

They said they're trying to get loose in a major way
So they sip grey goose no juice just straight
(What it do young buck, pour a cup) I'm straight
I'm waiting on the tree, I got fifty on the Z

Plus, I ain't even ate
Ya'll go heavy in the paint, I'll go heavy on the dank
You go heavy on the drink, and gon' end up on your face
Not me, not me

But I, don't think I'mma get my weed
No time soon I'mma have to proceed
To consume the first thing I see
A little OJ and another Belvadee

Two shots for her, two shots for me
The more that we booze, the less that we see
Now that is more booze than Apollo The-
-atre, up like I'm big on the tree, later

Outside pissing on the street, haters
Cops came through on the creep, gave me
A ticket and a mufuckin' speech
And meanwhile on repeat

"Shots, shots, shots, shots"
I'm thinking stop, it's not that deep, damn
Trying to give it all I got, got
And then I threw up in the god damn sink, that's weak

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Wax]
There's an unfamiliar ceiling in this place
With a very familiar feeling of disgrace
As my eyes open up for the first time after
Another blackout, castrophe, disaster

And captures the image of the rafters above
And the cold concrete on my back is enough
To wake me and make me stand up in amazement
Where is this unfinished basement
How'd I get here, I need to get home

But I can't leave until I find my key and my phone
Then I see a girl asleep and alone in the corner
I walk toward her not knowing for sure who she was
I just hoped that her phone was on
And I ain't spoken to my girl, I told her I would call her

Tapped on her cold shoulder, when she rolled over, I saw her, damn
My memory is better than I think
I remember last night, had her bent over the sink
In the bathroom, staring at her lower back tattoo
Flashback boom and I'm back to the new

Back to the what now, what am I gonna do
Picked up her phone and dialed my own number to
See if I could hear it ringing, and sure enough
It's on the floor of the bathroom with more of my stuff

Condom, keys and my wallet
An absent-minded strategic alcoholic
Strategic cause the condom wrapper was empty
Tip-toed out the door kinda gently

[Hook]That's right uh

This is for all my festival freaks
This is for my festival fleeks
[Repeat]

Drink water
Have sex
Smoke a lot of weed
[Repeat]

It's me!
I’m channeling the matador
And I'm sensing all your bullshit
You must think I'm out of luck
Pushing all my buttons, it don't do shit
Get over yourself
When I'm sober, I'm hell
I hit the keys
I'm talking drugs
No Patti LaBelle
Over deal, can you tell me [?]

[Hook]
My money's so wavy, I'm rolling the bends
My pockets' Coachella, about 50 bands
About 50 bands
My pockets' Coachella, my pockets' Coachella (about 50 bands!)
I'ma go get her
My pockets' Coachella, my pockets' Coachella

I feel like the Pac hologram
Brap brap brap brap! Not a damn thing could touch me
Got your girl like the Fresh Prince episode
Crying like why don't he want me, man why don't he want me?
This ain't Uncle Phil though, we talking about some real dough
This ain't the Screen Actors Guild no
This the shit that we bleed and we sweat and we kill for
I turn the introvert bitch to a sextrovert (she a superfreak)
She's sending me pictures, please don't kill the messenger
I'm talking bands more than festival regulars
Festival freaks wearing turquoise and lavender, turquoise and lavender

[Hook][Verse 1]
Mamma had a dream, but she gave it up for me
And my sister raising kids, man that ain't a cup of tea
Now she ain't have no cheese, but took us to Chuck E. Cheese
Somewhat of a G, living life so sucka free
Told her what I want to be, she was cooler than the breeze
Supportive as a beam, cause I knew she had believed
If it were up to me, she'd be treated like the queen
A life of luxury, filled with shiny pretty things
Now I was only three when she brought me to the States
My sister only one, crossing borders wasn't safe
What she did was very brave, I think about it everyday
From Argentina to Mexico, and finally LA
Yes, she made it really far, someone give her an applause
Got herself a job, an apartment and a car
But the struggle isn't over so I keep doing my parts
Straight spittin' out them bars that'll get us to the stars

[Hook]
Tell me momma, are we there yet?
Yeah, tell me momma, are we there yet?
Tell me momma, are we there yet?
Tell me momma, are we there yet?

[Verse 2]
Shorty was a ten, she was chillin' with her friends
I was trying to be smooth, but I couldn't pretend
So I walked up with a brew, table, napkin and a pen
Told her we should do something, call me when you can
Man, after two dates, I got her back in my place
She made the bed shake and my heart beat race
Yeah, we were moving fast but either one of us cared
Seducin' me with that ass ware, really wasn't fair
Is this just good sex or is it something that's rare
Feelings do intersect, when you choke and pull hair
Are we two single people, or have we become a pair
And to tell you the truth girl, I ain't ready for that dare
But I saw it in her eyes, she was falling in deep
I barely know you and you barely know me
These are common road rules, we should take it slowly
So before you use words like "love", just let me speak

[Hook]
Tell me baby, are we there yet?
Tell me baby, are we there yet?
Yeah, tell me baby, are we there yet?
Tell me baby, are we there yet?

[Verse 3]
At the age of fifteen, I was rockin' open mics
Killing the LA scene, like a scene in Poltergeist
Young freestyle king, street battlin' left and right
I was quite mean, yeah I thought the kill was nice
I made it my career at the age of seventeen
Now almost every year, I travel the seven seas
Respected by my peers, and all of the OG's
Got fans around the world, they be cheering fo' me
When I wake up every morning, man I wonder if it's real
Look at what I worked for, everything I built
When I really think about it, it be giving me the chills
Cause I'm eating off my music and I'm paying all my bills
I think I made it y'all, I don't need a fucking deal
What the hell am I saying, man I gotta check myself
That's for real, cause when things are going well I get gassed up
That's when I look in the mirror and I ask...

[Hook]
Tell me brother, are you there yet?
Young brother, are you there yet?
Tell me brother, are you there yet?
Keep it moving, we ain't there yet[Verse 1:]

Waking up to instrumentals playing, Smoke up in the ceiling fan
Complicated wordplay but really I'm a simple man
I like my weather good, I like my women hood
I keep it one hundred, and get misunderstood

Don't get my words twisted now, we ain't all the same
Some got a silver spoon, others have a ball and chain
Some wish you all the best, some wish you all the pain
Life's a game and I'm trying to make the hall of fame

This society asks you to pick a side
Every minute of your life three hundred and sixty five
Red or blue, big or small, yes or no, right or wrong
The difference between the two is the feeling of I belong

Yeah, we in the middle of all this
The temperatures rising like the middle of August
They litter the airwaves, you pick up the garbage
Big dreams coming out this little apartment

[Hook x2:]

All I know is keep it cool
I stay calm
They ask me "How you do that?" "What is this fool on?"
A little bit of this, a little bit of that
It's the whole lot of nothing that keeps me on track

[Verse 2:]

Never reached six digits in my bank account
Credit score red, same color that I paint the town
Three month relationship, tells me she can't wait around
You can break me down, as long as my fam's safe and sound

I keep the weed lit, and keep my glass full
I call it real talk, they call it asshole
I call it on the grind, she calls it selfish
She needs me all the time, I call her helpless

Is it a problem that I don't care
Maybe that's the reason that I'm stuck at almost there, it's no fair
On this path, there's no warnings or road flares
All is fair in love games and warfare

Another underdog story for the books
But I promise that the story is as foreign as I look
Waiting at the bus stop to touring on a bus
When the going gets tough I keep it up

[Hook x2:][Intro]
Somebody tell em we in town, plus we got plenty of trees to go around
Ca-came from the hood the hood, I'm so proud
When I say I'm good, I'm good for ten rounds
Ten

[Verse 1: Dumbfoundead]
Two shots and a mixer
Two-o'clock in the after-hours
I was, too hood for them hipsters
Two drops when I'm popping mollies
I, raise the volume, close my eyelids, off them hybrids, autopilot
How did I flip, this lifestyle?
Green lights take flight like a night owl
Savage, gotta have it
Catch me in the cab gettin' blown like the cannon
Look no hands! Goin' H.A.M. on a bad chick
Said she got a man, said this shit never happened
It's the ruler, tatted like the Yakuza
Flyer then parachuters, and waviest barracudas
Turn this party into a nudest colony with a pool of
Bitches giving me medulla oblongata, I'm a school her

[Hook]
Somebody tell em we in town, plus we got plenty of trees to go around
Ca-can the hood the hood, I'm so proud
When I say I'm good, I'm good for ten rounds
Ten rounds, at least ten rounds
Any given show, at least ten thou
Ca-can the hood the hood, I'm so proud
When I say I'm good, I'm good for ten rounds

[Verse 2]
Neighborhood king, oh you know me right?
Late nights spent at the corners until the morning light
You don't blow tree, but ya rollin', right?
You just want to take a photo, right?
Ok, fresh in my white Nike prototypes
So what's the guest list
We kickin' down the door tonight
And make em' fuckin' with the best-est
I'd be wrong if I said I wasn't taking something home tonight
Drinking to the bottom of the bottle, when you put your bottom dollar that she coming to the condo
She a Spanish mama goin' though some drama with her man, now she calling me her sancho

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Ok, fresh in my white Nike prototypes
So what's the guest list
We kickin' down the door tonight
Man you fuckin' with the best-est
I'd be wrong if I said I wasn't taking something home tonight
Fresh in my white Nike prototypes
So what's the guest list
We kickin' down the door tonight
Man you fuckin' with the best-est
I'd be wrong if I said I wasn't taking something home tonight

[Hook]

[Outro]
Somebody tell em we in town, plus we got plenty of trees to go around *Outro fades out*
*Intro beat begins* Somebody tell em we in town, plus we got plenty of trees to go around[Verse 1]

There’s a first time for everyone
The first time you rode a bike
First time you spent at your girlfriends overnight
The first time she broke your heart, your 21st birthday
When you got to hit that open bar (choking hard)

During the first time you smoked cigars
The first time is so bizarre, the first time is beautiful
First time you went to a funeral
The first time you got first place
First time you got hurt, and needed first aid

Your first offense (shouldn’t have been there in the first place)
And your first friend (who’s always been there through the worst case)
Scenario, first of the month, got paid and bought a stereo
And your first tape, your first date
When you got nervous and your heart rate went up

The first time is like seeing a dark place lit up
You gotta keep it going ‘cause the start ain’t enough
The first man to do anything never gave up

[Verse 2]

After the first verse follow with a second one (I second that)
Step it up before the seconds run on the second half
Sometimes in life we get a second chance
This is too early for us to think about the exit plan

(Project Blowed and Swim Team)
That be like my second fam
Keep it going, with the DJ mixing in that second jam
Light up a spliff, turn ya’ll to victims of that secondhand
Actually I need a breather, give a second man

It’s getting heated we gon’ need that second fan
Take a second and listen to the blowing of the western sands
Every grain acting as a second land, turning seconds to an hour
(Power to the people) to the second power

How we gon’ make it home when we’re stuck at second base
How we gon’ be first, when we’re stuck in second place
I can’t let my seconds waste, ‘til my final resting place
I’ma give ya’ll a second to all those who are less awake

[Verse 3]

Yo the third time’s the lucky charm
I’m never gon’ back down
Third degree black belt, fighting in the last round
43rd and Leimert, that’s the place I worked nights
Trying to keep it legit, ain’t trying to catch a third strike

Third grade wordplay got you blurry in the third eye
Keep working on your craft, you’ll get it on the third try
Where are you trying to be at when you turn thirty something?
I’m trying to live by the beach, West on third or something

I’m tired of receiving third notices for bills
Paying off fines on my third court appeal
A pocket full of nothing but dirty lint, and thirty cents
This ain’t a TV show you can’t work it in the thirty minutes

While you’re at a buffet, working on your third plate
There’s third world villages, in a much worse state
Hungry and thirsty, I finally got my point across
Nailed it on my third take, first second third fade[Verse 1: DFD]
Feel the pressure, yeah I feel the pressure
When I'm the one who speaks in the voice of my ancestors
And the homies out on Western are saying they'll represent us
So I'm forever tatted, fuck a temporary henna
It's a privilege to pursue my happiness, cause my crew
Got a list of things to do before dreaming about the future;
Running the family business, handling father sickness
All the sacrifices given, I'm doing this all for you
It's a letter to my homies, you will never have to owe me
Buying bottles, karaoke with a couple model tomes
Fuck the police
Cuffing you, your wrist will have a Rollie
Trying to write a happy ending to the story

[Pre-Hook: DFD]
I guess this is a going-away letter
I ain't coming back to town 'till I'm doing like way better
Don't be offended when phone calls go to voicemails
The flight attendant asked me to turn it off, that's real

[Hook: DFD](2x)
I'm bringing gold to me city, who's with me?
Gold watches for my people, did you miss me?
Bought them all off the jeweler by the pound
A couple karats turn this bitch into 24K-Town

[Verse 2: DFD]
Where'd you go? They're asking me where I went
Gone for a couple months, but it feels like I barely left
Everybody is a statue that froze at their last step
Every weekend is a celebration of the past-tense
My brothers with resolutions
My sister with no excuses
I salute ya'
Let's go and make some moments in the future
I ain't saying I'm Confucius, I'm confused as much as ya'll
Another student of life, I just studied abroad
Normally I'd be on Normandie, but normal is done,
It ain't about repping inside, but outside where you're from
When they're drunk, they yell it from the top of their lungs
But over drums, they'll hear it for generations to come (K-Town)

[Pre-Hook: DFD]
I guess this is a going-away letter
I ain't coming back to town 'till I'm doing like way better
Don't be offended when phone calls go to voicemails
The flight attendant asked me to turn it off, that's real

24K-Town, bringing gold to my city

[Hook: DFD](2x)
I'm bringing gold to me city, who's with me?
Gold watches for my people, did you miss me?
Bought them all off the jeweler by the pound
A couple karats turn this bitch into 24K-Town

[Outro][Tablo]
Fuck a model pose, fuck your fashion
드러운 이 바닥에서도 때 안 탄 열정과 passion
No swag shit. Classic pen and pad의 rap shit
10년간의 채찍질이 만든 true class shit
누구나 세월의 노예지만 내 멘탈은 장고
늘 10년 전 내 모습...
마이크 하나면 배고파도 농구공 쥔 프로젝트 보이 같지
현실이 빈털터리어도 꿈은 조 단 위

[Double K]
Fuck theses hatin' bitches. 내 입만 아파
여기 오기까지 내가 내 유일한 파트너
Top dawg ever since I've been in the game
Killa K. 날 다 견제해, cause I do this shit so proper
인위적인 제스쳐. 참 억지스럽네
눈빛 연기하기 전에 기본 연습부터 해
You ain't say shit, you just talk shit
국어책 그만 읽어. I'm your fuckin' problem, you do the math

[Yankie]
순서대로 일부터 팔, 구십
I'mma rip all ya MC young guns, newbies, rookies
널 완전히 찢어, in two piece
루피가 될 수 없어, 넌. Let me v weep ya bitches
꼬마들 마인드 꿈 접어 흐름이 깨지기 전에 이 친구들 보니 행복해
내 랩, infinity. 평생 먹고 쌀 거 같아
내 앞날 위해 건배 이건 니 선생 선배 얀키 im so so fly
넌 그냥 내겐 먼지 dont ever fuckin try

[Dok2]
Just made 5 hunnit grand a year, now money ain't a thang fo me
이젠 봄날이 됐네, 늘 찌푸리던 저 땡볕이
영원한 건 없대지만 보여줄게, 내가
재가 될 때까지 지켜갈 내 꿈에 대한 댓가
Dreamchaser. Gettin' paper. Vendetta fo ya fuck rappers
내키는대로 해도 always been better
Illionaire 손가락 세개. Finger fuck 'em bitches
비치네, 더 밝은 빛이, on the road to the riches

[Sean2Slow]
Your masturbation ain't gon change your matter of vision
Man in wisdom asking better reason for livin'
You tell me what you listen, what you clearly missin'
Speak what you dissin' and what do you really wishin'
Obvious decision shows what the fuck is predicted
Your dick is falling out, but u still be bitchin'
Speak out all loud, what u been talkin' about
Truth callin' out, it's your wordplay, no doubt

[Dumbfoundead]
When Korea had their rap beef I thought it was cute
Cause I've been cookin' K-barbeque since I was like two
If Kendrick is the king of New York and New York cats sound like Houston
Than some rappers in Seoul sound like Dr. Seuss's
No offense, you know all of yall are true friends
But I don’t give a fuck about your pictures with your new Benz
Talkin' bout trill shit? let's take a field trip
I'll take you where they kill and deal shit, that’s some real shit

[TopBob]
너 나를 맘껏 씹어서 삼켜 내 랩은 Anisakis
살아서 뇌까지 갈게
이직까지도 반팔티야
이미 굳게 닫힌 문 열려라 참깨
니 가사 너랑 너무 닮아 빼다 박았어
딱 봐도 가족 같아
우물은 벗어났니? 니 랩은 양서류
누가 봐도 너는 개 구리니까

[MYK]
As it's been written in your history books. Only the great minds get hate by
Blood suckin' low lives. no diss to be took to the heart
This is eight by.. they wished to be booked to be a part
But fuck your fake pride. you bitches are shook. youse a mark
And better tamed, clever names of mislead misread false antics
The game is forever changed, respect that
Sever brains from heads that never change
Never slaves only kings. no stress from setbacks

[Mithra]
불판에 불 좀 붙여볼까?
랩 못하면 죽일 놈인 게시판에 기름 부어놓을까?
좆 같은 새끼들. 꼴리는 대로 뱉어
그래. 지루든 조루든 죽어도 싸
'Come'만하고 back했던 99
Ill로 채워줄게. 다시 100
내가 누구? 10년이란 시간 뒤집어서 걷는 놈
그 10을 거꾸로 돌리면 영원 혹은 one. We back!

[Tablo]
It's that 420 sound. 10 years we been real
Started from the underground, now we high as hell

[Tukutz Scratch]
득과 실, 벌써 decade. Still mic를 check해
여전히 펜으로 백지 위를 달린다

[Tablo]
It's that 420 sound. 10 years we been ill
Fucka this is how we chill from 0-3 till

[Tukutz Scratch]
Timeless, so age don't count in the booth
When your flow stays submerged in the fountain of youth

[Tablo & Mithra]
We still high mofuckas
(How high?)
Epik High, mofuckas
We still high mofuckas
(How high?)
Epik High, mofuckas[Intro]
It eats away at your brain
As you strain to try and maintain
You'll feel the same
I'm always to blame
It took my
Away at your brain
As you strain to try and maintain
You'll feel the same
I'm always to blame
It took my

[Verse 1]
She got the wrong idea
Had my candles from Ikea lit
"Do you do this type of thing all the time when you meet a chick?"
I plead the fifth and offered her a pita chip
"Nah? You're good?"
Okay I hope that question won't repeat again
Even the preachers kid is a heathen when in heat
They weren't all nine or ten's
I picked a few from lemon trees
As I squeezed, and I squeezed
Making lemonade from three's
They weren't the most interesting but
Thirsty on Dos Equis
It's routine after two, when I'm back from the saloon
I mean A.M. not P.M. cause' P.M. is my boo
And my A.M. is a DM asking "are you coming through?"
Feeling blue is nothing new and I'm not talking bout my mood
Am I a bad man? Or is that bad at all?
My best friend, he says "not at all"
If I'm a dog I'm a Labrador
Ladies want a gentleman but freaks want neanderthals
Holler we can get it in

[Breakdown]
It eats away at your brain
As you strain to try and maintain
You'll feel the same
I'm always to blame (I'm always to blame)
It took my
Away at your brain
As you strain to try and maintain
You'll feel the same
I'm always to blame (I'm always to blame)
It took my

[Verse 2]
Ladies stop complaining when taking the walk of shame
Especially when you're out and you're twerking to Flocka Flame
Please explain this, your body language
It changes, from playlist to playlist
Play this to my advantage
My Pandora stations got you taking off your clothes
90's RnB I swear it's fucking powerful
We can go into the shower just to sober up a bit
Or let's do the total opposite and sip (sip!)
I appreciate you coming when parking is hard to find
You gotta get to work at 9 so I'll make it worth your time
But you probably need it more cause you just got here with the quickness
It's a mission from where your crib is so we can skip the kisses
The thirst is real, her curves are from Brazil
That pussy getting killed, it's every person for themselves
Pass the juice, grab the flask, and add the booze
Yes the magic happens true
But it's only after two

[Outro]
"Oh, you're gonna be all mad at me now?
How you gonna be mad at me that I only call you after two?
I got your phone number at a Taco Bell, and you came over that night!"[Hook: Rakaa]
Ambassador slang, international range
Build bridges while we clash and bang
Ambassador slang, you don’t have to ask the name
Global with the cash and fame
Ambassador slang, connected worldwide
Understand we worldwide
Ambassador slang, international range
Build bridges while we clash and bang

[Verse 1: Tasha]
The track hit the headphones, pen hit the pad
Put emcees to sleep like tryptophan
The shit hit the fan when my shit hit the stands
Take trips to Japan, toes dipped in the sand
Tash keep it fresh like it’s zipped in a bag
I run it so smooth it don’t glitch or lag
I never snitch or brag, I just spit those facts
We put this haiku hip hop shit on the map

[Verse 2: Tiger JK]
Once again back is the incredible
All you rappers are edible, knock you off your pedestal
Better check all your medical records before you mess with a
Intoxicated Tiger, the veteran, rap professional
[?] original gun clap
Return of the boom bap, I’ll turn the moon black
[?] Korean [?]
[?] Korean [?]

[Verse 3: Roscoe Umali]
Roscoe Umali, rap Hailie Selassie
Try to knock me off but it’s highly unlikely
That I’ll ever vacate the throne, I’m too known
And you’ll never hear me say the three words “I’m too stoned”
Full-blown monster, all-out problem
No need for talk I just go out and solve it
Regardless of the artist I’m the hardest
Flawless, fresh, ??? performance

[Verse 4: BIGRYNZ]
It’s that West Coast Shaolin with the bully brass knuckle
With a style that’ll bust you in the face and make it rumple
Just don’t fumble, I pick it up and get your brain washed
You way soft, now you hardcore, you better jump off
Or clock out, beef is what the fuck I’m about
No doubt, I get a call from Rakaa to blow the whole block out
With melodies and ill keys and dope from the Japanese
Look out for the Big Rider [?]

[Verse 5: MOSHPIT]
[??????]

[Verse 6: Rakaa Iriscience]
Oh boy, the hammer bangs hard get shook
Dark Mandarin, vengeance like Park Chan Wook
I’m free, hit the streets and roam
Laugh and the world laughs with you, weep and you weep alone
Megaphone street sweepers on low
Microphone heat seekers we know
We can see when they glow
Megalopolis to the tropics, light a lei up
Ra-kahuna, Ra-kalolo, Ra-Kamehameha

[Verse 7: Dumbfounddead]
Yo, I carry the torch with my chariot schorchin'
I’m a gladiator battling and burying corpses
It’s very unfortunate what I do to these victims
Like Dangerous Minds gotta get through to these children
What I do to these cats, whip the gluteus maximus
Nobody fucking with me like they’re practicing abstinence
Dumb is the nastiest when I get in the zone
Eight bars like a five-forty kick to the dome

[Verse 8: Tassho Pearce]
P-lllllllat, Sho’s back off that Prozac
Throw in a little cognac, think I won’t snap?
For anyone who listenin' like a phone tap
DJ Honda just helped me get my zone back
Southside of the Hyde that’s my whereabouts
Family and respect about the only thing I care about
For Rakaa called me said “Sho homey air it out”
I turned into a wrecking ball, y’all can watch me tear it down

[Verse 9: Tablo]
Some people complain to the IRS
Some people put a plane through the IRS
Money makes the world nutty
But when it comes to mine
I want to see it all like a ‘Nam witness
T-A-B-L-O Let me say hi and y’all say yo
Yeah I’m burning hot like Arabian thirst
And I’ll make your shit pop like Damien Hirst

[Verse 10: Mithra Jin]
[?] Korean [?]

[Verse 11: Jay Jaballas]
I’m a man on a mission, after all the competition
PAC 10, Mack 10, automatic ammunition
Spitting that live fire, no time to retire
Spraying ‘em down, got you preaching to the choir
I’m on trial like Jim Carrey in Liar Liar
I did time in the Fed’s for knowing a supplier
So don’t try to roll with the squadrons
Midnight marauders [?]

[Verse 12: King Kapisi]
I told you before if you roll with my street team
Islanders worldwide, breaking shit like Beat Street
What up [?], We repping the South Pacific
Screams from the Old Plantation, [?]
[?] Rakaa, we strapped with the machete
Let me advise you again little boy you ain’t ready
My commentary is legendary like Fab 5 Freddy
Like a coconut to the temple from the sky we’re so deadly

[Hook][Hook: Watsky]
I got a new kind sexy
I'm working on a recipe for rich
And exotic combinations of some fresh kinds of sexy
A new kind of sexy

[Verse 1: Watsky]
My face is like the California government
In terms of how it tends to budget what it's covered in
Hair follicles are public school doors
Every day I open up a new pore
And close two more
But it's improper now to comment on what's risen
Because pimples pop up commoner than prisons
It's all blackheads-- no justice now
But they get overcrowded and I bust em out
I'm like Pop! Pop! motherfucker, I'm a bad man
And some day my skin'll crack like the Badlands
Like my dad's is
But if that's all, I don't give a rat's balls
I'll wear them like they're badges
Damn a boyscout
They're manscout patches
Because I'm endowed, and how! Dammit
And I know my body makes you want to hang out bad
The way my skin is cleaner than a Shamwow ad
And someday you'll see my stubble from the Hubble
On my mama on the double I'mma look like Barney Rubble

[Verse 2: Intuition]
Yo, I'm something like a Harry and the Henderson's
Notice every time my knuckles be married to the pen again
Cause follicles be flying out my wide pores
Double standard cause I love my body hair but mind yours, girl
I'm grizzly-esque, you bet he thinks the Yetis wonder "Is he blessed?"
My shoulder hair sheen like a solar flare
I'm a polar bear seeking out a bowl of Nair
Was he fuzzy from his childhood or early days?
Every time I cook I guzzle up a dozen curly strays (yucky)
My tweezers stay plucking
You're girly gets floss her teeth every time she's, well
Kissing on my lower regions
The reason that I keep her is that it's good for colder seasons
But in the summer time I'm the asshole
Sun bathing at the beach, belly like an afro
I got a plan laid for my next bland date
Tell the boring breezy wait I forgot to manscape

[Hook 2: Watsky]
But for now
I got a new kind sexy
I'm working on a theory of a new
And experimental blend of different rare kinds of sexy
A new kind of sexy

[Verse 3: Dumbfounded]
I got a couple regrettable tattoos
But you can't see them when I wear a black suit
Got drunk off of Jagers out in Vegas last June
And them water parks kids yell "Look at that douche"
You know saying 'if looks could kill'?
Well my style is harmless, I shop at GoodWill
End of hipster, swap me hood feel
Four strip Adidas but that shit look real
Call me a fashionista, skinny dude
Give me food, cash or VISA
A freeloader who reeks of weed odor
Trying to get the freaks to scream like Ricola
One chick for me and one chick for Watsky
He love them older women that be screaming out "Yatzy!"
Topsy-turfy, I'm not so pervy
Compared to Intuition, well like them girlies
We like them brown, Puerto Rican, or Haitian
A new kind of sexy is sweeping the nation

[Verse 4: Watsky]
I'm impatient but
Yesterday I bought a pullup bar
I made plans to go jog down the boulevard
I changed my culinary choices from full of starch
To full of shit
It's a total farce
I haven't run a lap in years
But I'll crack a beer
And run the poker table like a fucking racketeer
Boom shakalack-fuck
Let's have a potluck
I got a hot buck burning a hole in my pocket
So let's hit the tac-truck
Jock's suck
Just throw everything we got in the wok
And let's grub till it looks like we're knocked up

[Hook]

JT brought sexy back, but it's a cheap one
So I brought that sexy back for a refund
A new sexy's begun[Verse 1]
Mamma had a dream, but she gave it up for me
And my sister raising kids, man that ain't a cup of tea
Now she ain't have no cheese, but took us to Chuck E. Cheese
Somewhat of a G, living life so sucka free
Told her what I want to be, she was cooler than the breeze
Supportive as a beam, cause I knew she had believed
If it were up to me, she'd be treated like the queen
A life of luxury, filled with shiny pretty things
Now I was only three when she brought me to the States
My sister only one, crossing borders wasn't safe
What she did was very brave, I think about it everyday
From Argentina to Mexico, and finally LA
Yes, she made it really far, someone give her an applause
Got herself a job, an apartment and a car
But the struggle isn't over so I keep doing my parts
Straight spittin' out them bars that'll get us to the stars

[Hook]
Tell me momma, are we there yet?
Yeah, tell me momma, are we there yet?
Tell me momma, are we there yet?
Tell me momma, are we there yet?

[Verse 2]
Shorty was a ten, she was chillin' with her friends
I was trying to be smooth, but I couldn't pretend
So I walked up with a brew, table, napkin and a pen
Told her we should do something, call me when you can
Man, after two dates, I got her back in my place
She made the bed shake and my heart beat race
Yeah, we were moving fast but either one of us cared
Seducin' me with that ass ware, really wasn't fair
Is this just good sex or is it something that's rare
Feelings do intersect, when you choke and pull hair
Are we two single people, or have we become a pair
And to tell you the truth girl, I ain't ready for that dare
But I saw it in her eyes, she was falling in deep
I barely know you and you barely know me
These are common road rules, we should take it slowly
So before you use words like "love", just let me speak

[Hook]
Tell me baby, are we there yet?
Tell me baby, are we there yet?
Yeah, tell me baby, are we there yet?
Tell me baby, are we there yet?

[Verse 3]
At the age of fifteen, I was rockin' open mics
Killing the LA scene, like a scene in Poltergeist
Young freestyle king, street battlin' left and right
I was quite mean, yeah I thought the kill was nice
I made it my career at the age of seventeen
Now almost every year, I travel the seven seas
Respected by my peers, and all of the OG's
Got fans around the world, they be cheering fo' me
When I wake up every morning, man I wonder if it's real
Look at what I worked for, everything I built
When I really think about it, it be giving me the chills
Cause I'm eating off my music and I'm paying all my bills
I think I made it y'all, I don't need a fucking deal
What the hell am I saying, man I gotta check myself
That's for real, cause when things are going well I get gassed up
That's when I look in the mirror and I ask...

[Hook]
Tell me brother, are you there yet?
Young brother, are you there yet?
Tell me brother, are you there yet?
Keep it moving, we ain't there yet[Hook: Kero One]
Have you ever seen an Asian kid, make a hit and do it quite like this
You ever seen an Asian cat, say a rap and spit it quite like that?
Have you ever seen an Asian kid, make a hit and do it quite like this
Yellow skinned rap reverends. veterans,  spit eloquent take two steps back

[Verse 1: Kero One]
It's that laundry mat,  liquor store
Rice rockets, pigeon hole
We pushed in kicked in, pitiful
What don’t kill you, its pivotal
That elephant in that awkward house
They reticent to talk about
These slanted eyes, those random lies
Media’s feeding us and walking out
He said I rap dope, but look like William Hung
That made me laugh yo what a joke, really was a silly one
But will he hung I mean hang without a username
Or talking to the hand of a million fans in the middle of a pavilion
An Asian man with a mic in hand this time not math subtracting
Accent having, fashion lacking, forget computer hacking
My future passion is lasting, rapping, make music classic
Captain I’m packing these beats
Best believe I’m going out blasting

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Tablo of Epik High]
Before I got sick on the mic I remember
I used to get picked on like a damn fender
A skinny asian boy has many names usually
Chink, fob, gook and of course Bruce Lee
But on a looseleaf i could unlearn all of that
So i wrote profusely and it turned into rap
Started burning on tracks and i caught flames
Now Epik High is the shit when you drop names
Like an unsigned hero making his way
I punched and kicked all labels away
Here to stay, hot like illegal
Cross a dating game and bungee, I drop hot singles

[Hook]

[Verse 3: MYK]
It's the year of the tiger, hands up!
For the one who paved the way, brother JK
Yeah we're all Drunken, only bangers are bumpin'
From far east to the world keep their fists pumpin'
This is the new new school we are the next shit
Resurrection of Bruce you fools are excess
Asiatic, Ill-matic, with no static
My voice is clear it grips your ears just like it's magic

And I thought that we over came
Some still silly really talk this way
Do I really have to double up and
Pull out the tricks of yesterday just to display?
That it's not a game we play
To prove that true is how we rap
I make this music cause I'm funkin' good at that

[Verse 4: Dumbfoundead]
It was the year 2000, no Asian kids around
None of em' ripping microphones, just timid sittin’ down
Along came a hero, his name was DFD
At the age of 14 he was killin' the LA scene
He hit the road doing shows, and met cats around the globe
Kero in the bay, Blo and MYK at Map the Soul
He later found that there were more of em', brothers of same origin
They saw his face on youtube and e-mails started pouring in
They exist, Asian kids, shredding rappers into bacon bits
Another chapter in the history books, but he knows that the next page is his
The pages turn, he waits his turn, just as he thought there he is
Chapter 2 now let's begin, the new face of Asian-Americans

[Outro]
Chinese, Korean kids put your hands up if your feeling this
Chinks, gooks, nips, put your fists up if your tired of it!
Black, Caucasian kids, throw your hands up if your feeling this
Chinks, gooks, nips, put your fists up if your tired of it!
Latino, Filipino kids, put your hands up if your feeling this
Chinks, gooks, nips, put your fists up if your tired of it![Verse 1]
Used to have posters on the wall, greatest of them all
Marley, Ali, Jordan with the ball
Role models all black 'till I heard about a star
From the banging Hong Kong that broke down doors
First name Bruce, last name Lee
Finally somebody that looks just like me
Bad motherfucker that can kick 5 feet
I been feeling like him when I'm kicking my frees
Back in Crenshaw they called me Bruce
He's the only other Asian cat they knew
But that there's cool never took any offense
Took it as a compliment, a making of a future legend
Died too young yet I felt like I knew him
Watching all his interviews words were the truest
He said be fluent so I did it in my music
I know you can hear dam flowing it's Bruce

[Hook]
I just wanna be like Bruce
I just wanna be like Bruce
I just wanna be like Bruce
I just wanna be like Bruce
First name Bruce, last name Lee
Finally somebody that looks just like me

[Verse 2]
30 years passed since the death of the legend
First black president welcome to the present
Asian American youth
Lookin' at the posters on the wall all bruised
Lookin' at the marks on the arms all bruised
Father found out that she chose art school
Mother found out that her son was gay
Said she'll pray every day for him took his last name
Funny how that work we're movin' backwards
Tryna make history from previous chapters
Parents leading us towards devious pastors
Thinking that church is the easiest answer
But nah! Can't take away our heroes
When we try to make more of them we need those
All of those posters on the wall they mean more to them
Then you'll ever know, growing that warrior within

[Hook]
I just wanna be like Bruce
I just wanna be like Bruce
I just wanna be like Bruce
I just wanna be like Bruce
First name Bruce, last name Lee
Finally somebody that looks just like me

Brother Bruce, always spitting that truth
He appeared in a dream and told me I got the juice now
He planted seeds I'm trying to grow out the roots now
So I proceed to rock and tear the roof down
Brother Bruce, always spitting that truth
He appeared in a dream and told me I got the juice now
He planted seeds I'm trying to grow out the roots now
So I proceed to rock and tear the roof down[Hook: Breezy Lovejoy]

She's a bitch (biotch)
The meanest one that I've dealt with
But I love her and I can't help it
Cause she's a bitch (biotch)
And I ain't trying to be selfish
But if she ain't mine she's nobody elses
She's my bitch

[Verse 1: Dumbfoundead]

What a crazy bitch
The homies telling me this ain't the way to live
Every single day a different argument
Things are always shaky, call it Parkinson's

I hate to love her, love to hate her
Can't breathe without her, want to suffocate her
Every damn night we wake up the neighbors
Then the cops come, and I get fucking tasered

Then she has the nerve to break up with me
She be giving me reasons to break up the weed
Oh lucky me, just look at her
What she's doing is a crime, throw the book at her

She be flirting at the club just to get me pissed
So I holler at chick, like excuse me miss
But my girl, she the jealous type
Ya'll don't really understand, but the fellas might

[Hook: Breezy Lovejoy]

[Verse 2: Dumbfoundead]

My ride or die bitch
2Pac, 96', Bonnie and Clyde shit
But she be flipping out on that Jekyll and Hyde tip
Tripping over some dumb nickel and dime shit

Devil woman with a ghetto lovin'
They told me not to play with fire
But I love her when I'm hated by her
My heart is a dangerous lier

She be bringing out my inner Too Short (bitch!)
The way I put up with her I'm a true sport
An LA chick, with her blue Cortez
Complicated, yes you sure is

A mastermind, she should take up chess
It ends all the time with some make up sex
Don't know what's next, I'm so upset
This crazy bitch makes me wanna throw up sets

[Hook: Breezy Lovejoy]

[Verse 3: Dumbfoundead]

Flying objects, broken windows
Ready for love cause that's what you're in fo'
Yelling, screaming, it ain't that simple
I took it for granted when I was single

You ain't been in love if you found it shockin'
Would ever chase your girlfriend down the block
Cause she got up and stormed out the restaurant
Straight arguing all day around the clock

Under a spell, overwhelmed
Can't picture myself with no one else
Blowing L's to cope with hell
Will we stay together, only time will tell

I know my chick can be a bitch at times
And she'll probably trip cause I spit that line
And a bitch like mine, they don't get that fine
Her love's a drug man I miss that high

(Guitar Solo!)
She's. My. Bitch[Verse 1: Dumbfoundead]
Yo
1986 a star was in the making,
I had no idea that the world was for the taking.
Received my education from the television stations,
My family never had them dinner conversations.
When they got back from work, you'd see their backs would hurt.
So I provided laughter, my earliest acting work
Doing dances, lip-syncing rappers
Impersonating Michael Jackson and Kung-Fu captions.
Ha, funny guy, never had the butterflies
Never shy, every five minutes I would improvise.
Class clown, had jokes before a peach fuzz,
Ask around, I was roasting them like peanuts
Dime bags in middle school, my Walkman
My life saver through dark days and lost angels
Fourteen candles when I wrote a sixteen
For the first time my first rhymes were shitty
So we practiced, and the homie tracked us
It attracted mad bitches to the mattress
Spent more time on my rapping than fractions
Dropped all my classes
Cause I was born for this...

[Hook]
I was born for this (I was born for this)
Yeah I was born for this (Yeah I was born for this)
I was born for this (I was born for this)
Yeah I was born for this

[Verse 2: Dumbfoundead]
Damn yo
Should of heard the corny Jackie Chan jokes
Thinking they were getting me when they're 'bout to get handled
Rambo killin', my crew like Sam Crow
Crammed seven in a van, man it wasn't grandiose, nah
Shows were grassroots
Before the cash road gas money tours we were sleeping on the floors
If you saw me and Zo way before then you would know
We have grown, if we had a chart it'd be a slope
Going up, up, see the slope going up
The student became the teacher now the kid blowing up
Don't ever leave a mic cold
Flow when the cameras roll
Signed that open mic list
Hunger should have told you this
Crenshaw or rock a Bar Mitzvah,
Any chance I got was like that and like this ya'll
Takes ten years, not ten seconds to lift off
Stay patient and try not to get pissed cause
Fifteen year-old Jon would've served young'un
Nineteen year-old Jon would've served time
But Old Boy Jon, man he's out here having fun
And the best has yet to come
I was born for this...

[Hook]
I was born for this (I was born for this)
Yeah I was born for this (Yeah I was born for this)
I was born for this (I was born for this)
Yeah I was born for this(Andrew Garcia)
I'mma be right back

(Dumbfoundead)
Fire up the jet pack, no plans to land or head back. Stacking bread, jackin' cheese off a trap of dead rats
Flap my wings and sweat raps, the captain needs a wet nap. Get the Zags, and blunt wraps. Grab the swisher gut that
Pack your bags, get some traction blasting off the launch pad. You might get the ashes on you I don't think you want that
Ain't gotta help me up I did that for my drunk dad, been there done that I don't need to flaunt that
I'm on that grown shit, blow dro smoke spliffs. Four door space shuttle out the O-zone, shit
I don't fly coach I coach folks on fly-ness. Boatloads of dope flows, hope flows, the tides in. Gold touch of Midas post up and light it
Get toasty, stay crispy like a roast duck that's flying. I'm in the sky and I ain't sure when I'll be coming down
Go ahead without me I'll be on the next shuttle out

(Chorus) [Andrew Garcia]
Haven't been home in a minute, so independent no, and no way to know wher I'm going. but I'm gonna be right back
Flown to the limits, always been a mission. So distant. I keep missing my flights back. but I'm gonna be right back

(Dumbfoundead)
Looking for a Co-captain, nice ass, blows grass. Don't ask, and don't trip. Closed lips and no captions
Flown solo the road's lonely when dough's stackin'. Too many hoes that wanna row the moat after. I want passion a fly girl I won't crash it
The whole road to ourselves, yeah we both travelin'. Coast to coast toast Rose' with cold glasses
We won't fasten our seat belts, we're so bad. We're punk rock Ramones jacket and sunglasses. Boeing 7-47 watch it float past ya
Overheads, man my flow so N.A.S.A. Shit is breath taking. The flow so asthma. First class smash definition of the word swag
Earth below my Chucks catch me up where the birds at. That's in the sky and I ain't sure when I'll be coming down
Go ahead without me I'll be on the next shuttle out

(Chorus)Let the beat hit you with a big bang, make the girls dip low
People taking pics, click, pause, for a quick pose
Armored cars, body guards rocking thick trench coats
If you get close then you might get your wig blown

D to the FD, fly as a frisbee
Fans with their hands holding signs saying kiss me
Cup full of whiskey, pocket full of weed
Got a catalog of bangers, ipod full of Ds

Yo, it's killah california, sorry I didn't inform yah
But it serves your favorite rapper like Anna Kournikova
My freestyle game is even nicer than your written emcee's
I've slain need vicoddin prescriptions
Yeah, get your zani bars up
Got these kids looking at me like I'm daddy warbucks (?)

All you trust fund babies, please hand me your trust
And I'll double your money by fucking challenger's up (?)
You can shoot crazy videos with cannon 5ds
Use youtube and Ustream satillite feds
Wear my clothes, and my shoes, and have my ID
But it won't ever turn you into a rapper like me

Where's Dumb from? It's probably Andromeda
Styles off the chart that blew up the damn monitors
We've never had a reading like this on the swaggometer
No body wanna see me, call me your tax auditor

H&R Block flow catch me on your blog post
To given out free shit like Oprah's talk show
You get one, you get one, and you too
Look under your seat there's a dub sack glued to

And on the last day of 2010 and I was with the homie wax
Talking bout the taking over sippin on some cognac
Cutie with a booty passed by we made a toast to that
Changing up the industry like they did with the zodiac

Yessir, man I'm spittin straight crack
Makin ya'll look stupid like gucci maine's face tat
Ha, brr it's getting cold in here
I'm taking rap back to it's golden years

Check it, they got these asians stereotypes what's with that
My dick's big, I drive good, and I suck at math
But I can fucking rap so watch your fucking mouth
Before I do some martial arts shit and punch you out

I'm not the timid type, I live the city life
Got just the right amount of arrogance that women like
I drink and smoke la vida loca
I'm tryna run LA call me Villaraigosa

2011 you're gonna hear a whole lot of me
I'm making better music then most of these grammy nominees
Their albums been going platinum and mines just went mahogany
But I ain't really trippin, cause one day they're gonna honor me

In the past year I've aquired a little web fame
Met a lot of haters, and liars with in the net game
Got a little buzzed but I ain't even full of head change
Too busy getting my bars up, catch phrase

I ain't a silly kid doing video blogs
If I did them as a youth it would be the city of god
Cause I was more into robberies than getting a job
I just shut this shit down, turn the internet off
I said that bubba bubba, that bubba bubba kush kush

That bubba bubba, that bubba bubba, kush kush
That bubba bubba, that bubba bubba, kush kush
That bubba bubba, that bubba bubba, kush kushThe time is tickin, the seconds are non existent, melodic rhythms, to sooth your chronic sicknesses, put aside economic differences, this is not the genesis, maybe the revelation the television showing demonic images, I am an immigrant so the abercrombie citizens wanna bottle me into a hollow prison system are you listening, your mission is, is to know what your position is, i'll be gone in 60 seconds, for political sentences, bang, pulling the trigger pulling theStrings, is a ruling regime, a bully that fully understands what

Your doing during your sleep, curiously, keeping an eye like security, are you hearing me, what there doing is weak, sauce, underneath god, there should'nt be any middlemen benefiting off of the innocent, men and women struggling trying to get em some medicine, making minimum to diddily squat, these messages I'm ritalin cause I finna get popped

Bang this message might self destruct, so if it blow up in my face will you help me up

I said bang they might come assasinate me, then tell all of yall I was just exxagerating

Bang bang I hope that it finally hits ya, and after it does know that they'll be coming to get ya

Bang bang we're shooting out bullets of truth, bang bang we're shooting out bullets of truth

Meet the quota, secret folders, they can't let the people know the, evil motives, these controllas, speak in code and decompose there weaker foes, they keep the soldiers overseas, defeat opponents, freedoms over, exactly what katrina showed us all, the oldest and the boldest with gehones, gotta step up, to the coldest global holders, gotta show the man some pressure, go toe to toe, an overthrow, go and show em the aggressor, to the poets and professors, to the soldiers and the shepards, go and get your weapons holmes, this is just a stepping stone, picket signs and megaphones, the famous and lesser known, everybody get along, can't journey on this trek alone, all the things they telling wrong, I might make a second song cause the list is hella long, the history is etched in stone, step out of your comfort zone, we're just puppets pumpin chrome, wanting something no one owns, why they tap in to our phones, and put bugs inside our homes? wut is really goin on

We have a gang of questions that haven't been answered yet, why we slangin weapons to our terrorist threats, in the last election we ain't know where are votes went, since the last depression we haven't had this much debt, while the gas investors are only seeing success, since the past few seconds its been going up cents, we got the masses guessin wondering wuts next, yall have taxed our pentions now I have none left, some slept through out these days and now your upset, but its not too late long as its before the sunsets, first the darkness will appear and then comes death, they would love for this country to have one less, you might think im crazy but it makes much sense, all I'm asking you to do is go and tell one friend, I dont care if this message blows up at the end, as long as you you've heard this at the time that it was sentHappy birthday to you
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday, Mr. President
Happy birthday to you...[Intro: Ailee]
I’ll never make it out alive
I been living like I’m dying
And I know I got to go
I’m never coming back
I don’t want to see you crying
You got to catch me if you can x4

[Verse 1: Decipher]
Eh, I don’t think you can and shit, so I’mma hit them with a damn remix
Handle this like a man with kids, like family pics, I stand, you sit
I rock this beat so loud, boom boxes be blown out
And not gonna stop until the cops come lock us up, 2Pac would be so proud
And Biggie too… life After Death
I’mma make it count, vampire bite at your neck
Might catch your breath, but no way you catching me
Try a mother fucker with a lesser speed, go play with the referee
I’m tearing through you like a barracuda
Bury you up in a pair of coolers, keep you very 추워
Who the dude up in here with the rarest buddha
Very true to staying high, fly, I am a parachuter
Nearly threw up when I wrote this song, now how dare we do a
Remix, rest in peace to the beat, I barely knew you
Do you know how many people think they’re Larry Hoover?
While I am in a class of my own, I think I’m Ferris Beuler

[Verse 2: J.Reyez]
Now I been grinding on my own, producing my own music
The truth is, you got to lose once just to prove it, yeah
And you got to watch your every mistake
Cause your image is crucial, people tend to degrade
Cause the mainstream is all about clothes and the fashion
Hoes and the cash and who knows what can happen
The media got us really messed up
They expect us to sell you so we can be the next up
Everybody chasing for the money and the fame
But I’mma keep it 100 for the game
Cause I believe being myself could be worth it
Everybody can relate to not being perfect
The haters that show no love for their locals
Videos and promos, mixing my own vocals
I gotta put work in for the top and im determined
I’m just another person, I’m gonna make it out alive

[Verse 3: Dumbfounded]
They can’t catch this villian like John Dillinger
This ex con got villagers evacuating children and women first
This Dennis the Menace administering pain to ministers
A living thirst to kill a verse, to leave all your feelings hurt
I love my Guiness and Henny, pretty chickens in mini skirts
Don’t care about my image, get the picture you timid nerds?
Catch my composite sketch with a hat and Knocksteady shirt
On the 6 o’ clock evening news, man, I hope your antenna works
5’11″ male with a sinister little smirk
Had a visitor break me out by flirting with prison workers
Jimmied the lock, inserted the scissors, turnt it in a circular
Motion and I was ghost, dawg; Forest Whitaker
What is he in it for? as he’s watching the city burn
Giggling with his pretty semi he named Jennifer
BRRR, hear the kitten purr, without a freaking permit
He lets it out on these vermon without a warning, I know…

[Verse 4: Flowsik]
Catch me if you can, when you know you can’t
Literally neck to neck from where I stand
The only thing you shaking is my hand
Jigga when I make plans, blueprints on making grands
Lebron at 15, I’m bound to ball
Sudden moves, no homo, blows from the counter cross
Heavy back, hardwears, yall is micro soft
Pay your Bills and hit the Gates before your mountain falls
Running from the Holocaust, leaving paper trails
Raise sails, going with the flow do I smell betrayel?
They want me caged well, I’m tryna add flavor cause the game tastes stale
On the merge of major fail
Decipher J’s phlo, leave you dumbfounded
Overseas, Jay Park make moves before I talk about it
Catch me, Randy Moss? I doubt it, say goodbye
Cause when I’m gone for good, I’mma ride

[Verse 5: Chan]
You can catch me if you can, on the real, it’s just a joke
All I need’s a track, pair of Pumas and I’m Bolt
You’ll be chewin on my dust, feel the gust of my wings
All you haters looking up, peep the bottom of my Timb’s
Forgive me of my sins, I know I let you down
Remember me for me, not the shit I did with Uptown
A lot of things changed since I left, a lot of yall grown
An Asian act on the charts with the number one song
Popping bottles in my ride, next to three chicks
Fuck with me or D, you getting thrown out the g6
Remix, player, catch me if you can
Better get yourself a passport, I’m in the motherland
I’m making moves while you’re moon walking, stay rocking
In every headset with the red b marking
Your favorite rapper stays on my dick
Big Chan, so fly, man, I’m on that shit

[Verse 6: Johnnyphlo]
쉿! 닥치고 들어봐, 내게 딱까고 물어봐
10년후의 내 모습은? HA, more popular than Hova
모두 밖으로 끌려가, 나는 끝까지 남아있길
나머지는 click clack, brip brap, gotta kill
So you prolly need protection
I’m tryna turn my dream into reality; Inception
이 rap scene을 들었다 놨다하는 나라 팔 아파
I’m a leader, this rap game like twitter, 나를 따라와
I’m given the days, to live it away, I’m young, 니 시간은 tickin’ away
그래도 i’m doin it better, 아무리 못해도 너랑은 비기는데
내겐 언제나, 제일로 재밌는 게임
매일매일 랩으로 생계를 챙기는게
I’ve been in a fight or two, but never been the type to lose
If I did, I couldn’t forget it, how to ride a bicycle
죽기보다 싫은 실팰 피해 난 달려
오직 음악만이 나를 살려
Cuz I’ll never make it alive

[Verse 7: Jay Park]
You better hop on the bandwagon before you get left behind
Never be swagger jacking cause I got the freshest jive
My skills, I let it shine till I leave the haters next to blind
My peoples man, I got you, for the others? leave the rest to fry
I’m here to prove that there ain’t no other like me
Even though my skin ain’t dark, man don’t take my color lightly
I’m ripping it, killing it, thinking of iller shit, rapping, you feeling it good like a clitoris
Please don’t be bitter, bitch, this ain’t a hit or miss, this is so definite, I am the best there is
Haha yall be snoozing, I’m a rocketeer in the far east moving
A lot of mothafuckers tend to call me stupid but yall root for a gang of kids that I influenced
I’m a MC, bitch
Beast mode stays on but dont tempt me, kid
Out of this world yall, they be beamin me up
And by the time you think you caught up, yall be eatin my dust/ Peace[Hook: Breezy Lovejoy]
Woke up so dizzy
Drunk and hungover
Can't find my house keys
Who was the chauffeur
Got one shoe on, and not the slightest clue, where my cell phone is

[Verse 1: Dumbfoundead]
What was the name, I was definitely on one
Ronda, Miranda, or Sandra?
Shouldn't have mixed that light with the dark rum
Now I'm in the bathroom, throwing up a lung

Gotta make a run for that Gatorade punch
Head pounding on the one like an 808 drum
Gotta grab Pho, hangover 101
It soaks it all up, you should know that bruh

Pocket full of numbers covered in weed crumbs
I'm a lover not a fighter, why my knuckles feel numb?
No pun intended but I really feel dumb--founded
On my neighbors front lawn throwing up

Seems last night I was acting like a fool
Tagged Facebook pictures of me jumping in a pool
Wearing nothing but a hat and my birthday suit
I was smashed to the max on a work day too

But I looked overjoyed in my polaroid pics
With my mustache fresh looking like a koi fish
My swag turned up on that soulja boy shit
Feeling real good about my bad choices

Who in the world is the girl in my bed
Who's the dude on the couch with dreads
And why in the hell was I drinking so much
Shoulda stuck with the weed like Breezy told us

Now I'm looking for the Folgers, awake from a coma
Making my way through empty bottles of Corona
Follow the aroma, it leads to the doja
Roll up, smoke up, and do it all over

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Breezy Lovejoy]
Friday night, just got paid
Brand new fit, clean boy shave
Feeling good, pregame, my place
The homies came through with a gang of fade

They said they're trying to get loose in a major way
So they sip grey goose no juice just straight
(What it do young buck, pour a cup) I'm straight
I'm waiting on the tree, I got fifty on the Z

Plus, I ain't even ate
Ya'll go heavy in the paint, I'll go heavy on the dank
You go heavy on the drink, and gon' end up on your face
Not me, not me

But I, don't think I'mma get my weed
No time soon I'mma have to proceed
To consume the first thing I see
A little OJ and another Belvadee

Two shots for her, two shots for me
The more that we booze, the less that we see
Now that is more booze than Apollo The-
-atre, up like I'm big on the tree, later

Outside pissing on the street, haters
Cops came through on the creep, gave me
A ticket and a mufuckin' speech
And meanwhile on repeat

"Shots, shots, shots, shots"
I'm thinking stop, it's not that deep, damn
Trying to give it all I got, got
And then I threw up in the god damn sink, that's weak

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Wax]
There's an unfamiliar ceiling in this place
With a very familiar feeling of disgrace
As my eyes open up for the first time after
Another blackout, castrophe, disaster

And captures the image of the rafters above
And the cold concrete on my back is enough
To wake me and make me stand up in amazement
Where is this unfinished basement
How'd I get here, I need to get home

But I can't leave until I find my key and my phone
Then I see a girl asleep and alone in the corner
I walk toward her not knowing for sure who she was
I just hoped that her phone was on
And I ain't spoken to my girl, I told her I would call her

Tapped on her cold shoulder, when she rolled over, I saw her, damn
My memory is better than I think
I remember last night, had her bent over the sink
In the bathroom, staring at her lower back tattoo
Flashback boom and I'm back to the new

Back to the what now, what am I gonna do
Picked up her phone and dialed my own number to
See if I could hear it ringing, and sure enough
It's on the floor of the bathroom with more of my stuff

Condom, keys and my wallet
An absent-minded strategic alcoholic
Strategic cause the condom wrapper was empty
Tip-toed out the door kinda gently

[Hook][Intro]
Char-Char-Char-Char-Charlie Sheen!
Char-Char-Charlie Sheen!
Traphik!

[Verse 1: Traphik]
The melancholy mind of a methodical man
If we the fujis I refuse to be the prize in the band
Put my face upon a shirt
You got a popular brand
Ready to blow with no paper
Put the snot in my hand
Then I wipe it on my pockets
See I got the green
Check the scoreboard I'm winning bitch, Charlie Sheen
My class is at dancing
I'm passing with honors
Shaking hands with the daddies and I'm kissing their daughters
Jin, Dumb and Traphik
Dim sum in cabbage
Kim Chi and Pho Tai, somebody pass it
Classic on wax
Make sure that you blast it
I'm killing this track
Throw dirt on the casket
These rap kids really kind of bore me though
It's all the same moves like some choreos
Give me a glass of Tiger Blood and some Oreos
If you don't know me, I'm your daddy, son
Maury show

[Hook: Jin]
They say I lost my mind, Charlie Sheen
They say I lost my mind, Charlie Sheen
They say I lost my mind, Charlie Sheen
Yeah I still said it
(X2)

[Verse 2: Dumbfoundead]
Tiger Blood in my veins got me fired up
Charlie Sheen, Bob Marley, Steez light it up
Robin Hood to my hood, keep my friar tucked
Sittin' by the aisle, Flyer miles pilin' up
I'm the one cat who flew over the coo coo's nest
I take big rips, Who care about the YouTube hits
I'm a blue nose pitbull if it knew jujitsu
And held two pistols and nuclear missiles
Dumbfoundead they call me dumb but I'm far from it
Got a room full of people and it's star studded
Jin been killin' battles since I was in sixth grade
Loadin' video clips up on my 56k
To the D-Day lives Timothy de La to the ghettos of LA
This is how I get without my Ritalin for ten days
ADD since I learned my ABC's
Us three, Charlie Sheen went major league

[Hook: Jin]

[Verse 3: Jin]
To stay alive I gotta be smart
Keep a level head
Cause I ain't trying to be dumb-found-dead
See I don't do subliminal disses
Guarantee that if I come at 'em you won't miss it
Gotta step my curve at the vent bars up I blew it
Had a Charlie Sheen punchline but he beat me to it
It's ok though, I don't hold grudges
And if we ever do battle, I'm pying out the judges
Me and Traphik got a history too
He don't know it, but I met him just to get me some views
(Ha-ha)
I'm just goshin', don't get it confused
At interviews, I be telling people that Tim is that dude
The three hot shots, back at it again
But since we Asian, I guess that's just two-and-a-half men
(say what?!)
So get ready, we about to be all on your screen
They say I lost my mind, Charlie Sheen

[Hook: Jin][Hook]
Hey, let's get one thing clear
I want a new life, a new life
Hey, lets get one thing clear;
There’s much more stardust, when you’re near

[Verse 1: Dumbfoundead]
Just woke up, what I miss?
Smoke one up in the morning
Fell asleep with the tv on
And had me dreams of being on Conan
Yea I'm zonin', hit that shower
With my new girl for an hour (for an hour?)
Fuck the neighbors
Last few nights man, we were louder

Got my bags packed, and my passport
Didn't unpack from the last tour
Sold my merch
I made me bank and I ain't talkin' backboard
Stack more, stack more
Shoulda wrote that on that blackboard
What the fuck is school for
If you end up livin' mad poor?

That GPA don't matter when you're climbin' up my ladder
They will stab you with that dagger
For your status, do you gather?
What you did and how you did it, no one gives a fuck at all
Where you going, how you get it, you should focus on that mo'

I'm on that brand new, that old shit I put that in the attic
Neck and wrist got 24 karats
I'm one happy rabbit
All that talk about your talent is as old as my machallan
Lets see a lot more action and less talkin' Charlie Chaplin

Hey, let's get one thing clear
I want a new life, a new life
Hey, lets get one thing clear
There much more stars, coming in

[Verse 2: Dumbfoundead]
Hey, where you hidin', I'm writin'
My future, on a diamond
I'm Johnny, I'm Manziel, that freshman with the Heisman
I'm Malcolm I'm Gladwell, that tipping point, is risin'
Real life movie streets are watching', like a drive in

5 stars, masterpiece, got the critics ravin'
Fly far, Master P, theres no limitations
First class, never knew they gave 'em all this extra shit
You can lean your seat back all the way, on some stretcher shit

Too good, life is too good, when your livin'
Its that HD vision no more fuckin' with antennas
Ha, I'm just buyin' now
Got more hoes than a firehouse
Way more O's in my bank account
It looks like I been buyin' vowels

I'm dinin' out
No need for reservations
All originals
Used to rock them imitations
Bought from Chinatown, (town)
And them hand me downs, (downs)
I'm lookin' dapper, ain't ever getting patted down

Hey, let's get one thing clear
I want a new life, a new life
Hey, lets get one thing clear
There’s much more stardust, when you’re near

Hey, let's get one thing clear
I want a new life, a new life
Hey, lets get one thing clear
There’s much more stardust, when you’re near