[Produced By DJ Mustard, Kanye West & DJ Dahi]

[Pre-Hook: Big Sean]
I don't fuck with you
You lil stupid ass bitch, I ain't fuckin' with you
You lil, you lil dumb ass bitch, I ain't fuckin' with you
I got a million trillion things I'd rather fuckin' do
Than to be fuckin' with you, lil stupid ass

[Hook: Big Sean]
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
I don't, I don't, I don't give a fuck
Bitch, I don't give a fuck about you, or anything that you do
Don't give a fuck about you, or anything that you do

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
I heard you got a new man, I see you takin' a pic
Then you post it up, thinkin' that its makin' me sick
I see you calling, I be makin' it quick
I'mma answer that shit like: "I don't fuck with you"
Bitch I got no feelings to go
I swear I had it up to here, I got no ceilings to go
I mean for real, fuck how you feel
Fuck your two cents if it ain't goin' towards the bill, yeah
And everyday I wake up celebratin' shit, why?
Cause I just dodged a bullet from a crazy bitch
I stuck to my guns, that's what made me rich
That's what put me on, that's what got me here
That's what made me this
And everything that I do is my first name (B-I-G)
These hoes chase bread, aw damn, she got a bird brain
Ain't nothin' but trill in me, aw man, silly me
I just bought a crib, three stories, that bitch a trilogy
And you know I'm rollin' weed that's fuckin' up the ozone
I got a bitch that text me, she ain't got no clothes on
And then another one text, then your ass next
And I'm gonna text your ass back like

[Pre-Hook: Big Sean]
I don't fuck with you
You lil stupid ass bitch, I ain't fuckin' with you
You lil, you lil dumb ass bitch, I ain't fuckin' with you
I got a million trillion things I'd rather fuckin' do
Than to be fuckin' with you, lil stupid ass

[Hook: Big Sean]
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
I don't, I don't, I don't give a fuck
Bitch, I don't give a fuck about you, or anything that you do
Don't give a fuck about you, or anything that you do
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
I don't, I don't, I don't give a fuck
Bitch, I don't give a fuck about you, or anything that you do
Don't give a fuck about you, or anything that you do

[Verse 2: E-40]
Got a million things on my mind, executive deals online
Limited amount of time, chasin' these dollar signs and you ain't on your grind
You liable to  find me up in the MGM casino in the D
Fuckin' off fetti I coulda put on property
From the Bay to the Murder Mitten, my niggas put murder missions
She choosin', that's her decision, free my niggas in prison
On the phone with a bitch who can't do shit
For a pimp but make a nigga hella rich
Got a blunt in my dental, blowin' hemp in a rental
On my way, to Sacramento, late night, Arsenio
I'm never sentimental, go hard or go homeless
Barely Harley, I'm chromeless, you might end up domeless
I bet you she into me, her cheddar, she givin' me
I'll make a bitch stand outside forever like the Statue of Liberty
Rest in pimp, Pimp C, underground king of the South
I raise my Styrofoam up, and pour some drank in my mouth
Why you always coming around with bad news?
Say you want me to win, but hope I lose
Askin' if I rock with other niggas in the crew
But them niggas cool, it's just that

[Pre-Hook: Big Sean]
I don't fuck with you
You lil stupid ass bitch, I ain't fuckin' with you
You lil, you lil dumb ass bitch, I ain't fuckin' with you
I got a million trillion things I'd rather fuckin' do
Than to be fuckin' with you, lil stupid ass

[Hook: Big Sean]
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
I don't, I don't, I don't give a fuck
Bitch, I don't give a fuck about you, or anything that you do
Don't give a fuck about you, or anything that you do
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
I don't, I don't, I don't give a fuck
Bitch, I don't give a fuck about you, or anything that you do
Don't give a fuck about you, or anything that you do

[Verse 3: Big Sean]
I got a new chick that I gotta thank God for
I got a new whip that I gotta thank the lot for
Yeah I got a lot but want a lot more
Yeah we in the buildin' but I'm tryna take it to the top floor
I swear I hear some new bullshit every day I'm wakin' up
It seems like nowadays everybody breakin' up
That shit can break you down if you lose a good girl
I guess you need a bad bitch to come around and make it up
I guess drama makes for the best content
Everything got a bad side, even a conscience
Now you're drinkin' 'til you're unconscious
Feel me when you get a fine bitch
Just don't forget to read the fine print
Life got me meditatin' like I'm in the Himalayas
Keep it G with the L lit on me like the elevator
Yeah I know that karma's too real so I hope you doin' cool
But still stupid ass bitch I ain't fuckin' with you
Little stupid ass I ain't fuckin with
I ain't fuckin', I ain't, I ain't fuckin' with you
I ain't fuckin' with you
(Straight up)[Intro]
Nope, yup
Nope, yup
Nope, yup
Nope, yup

[Verse 1]
Ever told on a nigga? (nope)
Ever squeezed a trigger? (yup)
Ever set a nigga up? (nope)
Ever helped a brother out when he was down on his luck? (yup)
You a sap? (nope)
You a boss player, you a mack? (yup)
Let me hold a couple dollars (nope)
Y'all still be poppin' y'all collars? (yup)
Stock rims on a scraper (nope)
Paint wetter than a lake (yup)
Poodle in my blood (nope)
Bitch, I'm a thug (yup)
You a loser? (nope)
Winner? (yup)
Starvin'? (nope)
Dinner? (yup)
You still sell dope? (nope)
Now you cleaner than a bar of Dove soap? (yup)
Got a little gouda (nope)?
Got a thumper, got a Ruger? (yup)
You in love wit' the ho? (nope)
She bringin' you the dough? (yup)
You gon' cry if she leave? (nope)
You gon' fly overseas? (yup)

[Hook]
Everybody get choices
I choose to get money, I'm stuck to this bread
Everybody got choices
These bitches is choosin', I'm all in they head
Everybody got choices
Keep it one-thou' 'bout the life that I chose
Everybody got choices
These niggas be hatin', I already know
But I never go broke (no, no, no)
Imma stay gettin' money (yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I ain't gotta sell my soul (no, no, no)
Imma stay gettin' money (yeah, yeah, yeah)
If you broke, you ain't like me (no, no, no)
Imma stay gettin' money (yeah, yeah, yeah)
I give a fuck if you don't like me (no, no, no)
Imma stay gettin' money (yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 2]
Ugh, lazy? (nope)
Got dick that'll drive a ho crazy? (yup)
Hater? (nope)
Wanna see a player get paper? (yup)
Traitor? (nope)
Loyal to my soil, not a faker? (yup)
Sleep? (nope)
Bust moves, hella active in the streets? (yup)
Scared of the dark? (nope)
Have money, have heart? (yup)
Narc? (nope)
Shark? (yup)
Gossip like a broad? (nope)
Check a bitch like a smog? (yup)
Slippin'? (nope)
Trippin'? (yup)
Sober as a gopher? (nope)
Higher than a rollercoaster? (yup)
Star Wars? (nope)
Yoda? (yup)
Never leave the house without my strap (nope)
Shoot a muthafucka in his nap (yup)
Never been a sucka or a pussy (nope)
Blowin' cookie, never coughin' like a rookie (yup)

[Hook]
Everybody get choices
I choose to get money, I'm stuck to this bread
Everybody got choices
These bitches is choosin', I'm all in they head
Everybody got choices
Keep it one-thou' 'bout the life that I chose
Everybody got choices
These niggas be hatin', I already know
But I never go broke (no, no, no)
Imma stay gettin' money (yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I ain't gotta sell my soul (no, no, no)
Imma stay gettin' money (yeah, yeah, yeah)
If you broke, you ain't like me (no, no, no)
Imma stay gettin' money (yeah, yeah, yeah)
I give a fuck if you don't like me (no, no, no)
Imma stay gettin' money (yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 3]
Was it love at first sight? (nope)
Did she ride you like a bike? (yup)
Was it right? (nope)
Was her pussy tight? (yup)
Got some property? (nope)
Drive a Maserati? (yup)
You softer than a sock? (nope)
You solid as a rock? (yup)
Slow? (nope)
Trained to go? (yup)
Your team weak? (nope)
You respected in the stree-neets? (yup)
Shallow? (nope)
Di-neep? (yup)
Broke? (nope)
Chi-neat? (yup)
Not a BB or a pellet gun (nope)
But a long barrel base drum (yup)
If I get into it, won't run (nope)
Imma give a nigga fair one (yup)
Still live in the trap? (nope)
You ever go back? (yup)
Wear a wire and a camera? (nope)
Ears to the scanner? (yup)

[Hook]
Everybody get choices
I choose to get money, I'm stuck to this bread
Everybody got choices
These bitches is choosin', I'm all in they head
Everybody got choices
Keep it one-thou' 'bout the life that I chose
Everybody got choices
These niggas be hatin', I already know
But I never go broke (no, no, no)
Imma stay gettin' money (yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I ain't gotta sell my soul (no, no, no)
Imma stay gettin' money (yeah, yeah, yeah)
If you broke, you ain't like me (no, no, no)
Imma stay gettin' money (yeah, yeah, yeah)
I give a fuck if you don't like me (no, no, no)
Imma stay gettin' money (yeah, yeah, yeah)[Verse 1: G-Eazy]
Yeah, blue jeans, Air ones and a white tee
'06 hangin' out the window like, yee
Hyphy on one, off a bottle might be, my tree
Smokin' Agent Orange, Hi-C
Back when me and Marty was recordin' at my Mom's
Most of y'all were chasin' around bops
I was in the lab, only hoping that my job
Never would be based around mops now I'm on
Yeah, she know; love me cause my ego
Girls and the drugs always follow us where we go
Ay, where the Bay at?
Shouts out to Jay Ant
Lookin' for the party girls, let me know where they at
Skinny rich girls always askin' where the yay at
Throw a house party like cool, where you stay at?
Turn upside down, let her twerk on the wall
Took her to the bathroom and did work in the stall

[Hook: Jay Ant]
They used to tell me I couldn't go too far alone
They used to always say I couldn't go too far alone
But now I'm here bitch! (x3)

[Verse 2: E-40]
(G-Eazy, let E-Feezy tell his story!)
It ain't funny what I've been through
Your enemy can be some kin to you
I started off hella broke
Hung around people that's older than me, took notes
Momma worked three jobs on the weekends
Used to help her wash the walls at Mare island
In Vallejo naval houses
Havin' a roof over my head was my allowance
The oldest of four, young adults
Surrounded by grief, big dreams and hope
They hated and they doubted
How did you take it? Took it with a grain of salt
I wanted it badly, they couldn't stop me, Indie
Erry label wanted to sign me
Grew up on Short and Freddie B
(Who else?) Magic Mike and Calvin T

[Hook: Jay Ant]

[Verse 3: G-Eazy]
From the BART train to a tour bus
Still the same game except I'm pulling more sluts
More butts, more bucks, never giving more fucks
Did it my way, I'm never taking short cuts
Raised in that town like fool, who put you upon?
Huh, E-40, Mac Dre is who I grew up on
I'm just selling game got you if you need a coupon
You can check my resume, see every beat I threw up on
Smoking on grapes, rollin up swishers, no papes
Back of the Ghost, closed drapes
I'm a boss tycoon
Girls in the crowd all swoon
Super high, I'm off to the moon
And I vanished with your girl then I took her to my room
She wants me to slay ooh-kay, that means doom
Boom, and it's to be expected
Knew this would happen as soon as she texted

[Hook: Jay Ant]Inside joke is outside now

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
No K?
Just another way me and my crew say, "No way"
Or "It's not okay" when I got the bottles pay
And somebody you don't know that wanna swallow say
"I don't got no grip but want a sip." No K
"Can I take yo blunt right to my lips?" No K
Broke ass always begging me that's No K
You don't understand then bitch, no way
See you ballin', gotta tell 'em, "No K"
Lookin' like a money bag, smellin' Dolce
Hungry lookin' at you like their feelin' Chipotle
All you gotta tell 'em, "Run to hell and go play"
We flyin', you tryin', to get a check, sit next to who's buyin'
She wanna sex a vet, never request a net and love Tech for Tech, but you lyin'
Hey, and that's no K, get away and the bitch best obey
Tryin' to use sex to get yo way but the greed negated everything that ho say
And she played out like exposé, tryin' to get quality time like, "Let's crochet."
Got me thinkin' of chinnin' some underhanded women but I never hit a woman so I'mma fetch Solé
And Ginuwine said, "That's no k." (Heh Heh Heh)
Sayin' if you got ya hand out, stop ya damn mouth
Ain't none of my fault you get low pay
So needy (Ha), I'm on Ace of Spades and you J Roget
They wanna try and get whatever you got
Wanna wear the chain and watch, I'ma say, "No K."

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
No K, that's what I say when I don't really wanna
Say that it's all right (No, no, no)
No K, that's what I tell you when I ain't just trynna
Talk to you all night
(Noo-ohh) Can't get my money
(Noo-ohh) That's not okay
(Noo-ohh) And I'm one hunnit
(Noo-ohh) So I'ma tell you that's no K
No K

[Verse 2: E-40]
No K
She my bitch but I ain't finna give her her none of my pay
No way, no how, no what?
Bitch, I don't give a motherfuck
It's paper over pussy, P-O-P
Celebrity get everything for free
If you can't swim, you gon' drown
Throw a bitch up in the air and break her 'fore she hit the ground
No K  No K, No K No K
This ain't Broadway, no play
From the track, from the cage, from the soil, from the mud
Words hella hate, no love
No suckers allowed in my camp and hell no, you can't hit my weed you tramp
Wanna stand on the stage? No K, you can't
Ride on my bus? No K, you can't
Why you always got ya hand out? All you do is pout like a woman
Grown man, act like niggas owe you somethin'
Habitual liar, always lyin' for nothin'
Start a lot of shit and be the first one runnin'
No K, prolly told on hella niggas in the game
Like Jose, AK, AK-47 to a nigga brain
Get him out the way

[Hook][Intro]
Nope, yup, nope, yup, nope, yup, nope, yup

[Verse 1]
Did it happen in one day? (Nope)
Came a long way? (Yup)
Never know what kind of angle (Nope)
Crossover, break your ankle (Yup)
Sloppy with the rock? (Nope)
Steph Curry with the shot? (Yup)
Suckers? (Nope)
Splash Brothers? (Yup)
Ain't no stoppin' (Nope)
Klay Thompson? (Yup)
Under pressure, is he chokin'? (Nope)
Do it big like Bogut? (Yup)
Never let 'em tell us that we can't (Nope)
Go hard like Barnes in the paint? (Yup)
Never ever slowin' up the pace (Nope)
Shoot a three-pointer in his face (Yup)

[Hook]
Everybody say, "Warriors", Warriors
Everybody say, "Warriors", Warriors
Everybody say, "Warriors", Warriors
Everybody say, "Warriors", Warriors

These haters is hatin'
I already know, but we never gon' choke (No, no, no)
I'm a stay gettin' money (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I ain't got to sell my soul (No, no, no)
I'm a stay gettin' money (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
If you hate, you ain't like me (No, no, no)
I'm a stay gettin' money (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I don't care if you don't like me (No, no, no)
I'm a stay gettin' money (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 2]
Do we panic, do we flinch? (Nope)
Come hard off the bench? (Yup)
Horrible? (Nope)
Turned up in Oracle? (Yup)
Can't beat Steve Kerr (Nope)
I'm a warrior like the "Blur" (Yup)
Got somethin' to say? (Nope)
Foo, this the Bay (Yup)
Coward? (Nope)
Hustle like Iguodala? (Yup)
Do we ever play weak? (Nope)
Finesse like David Lee? (Yup)
Ain't nobody better than my team (Nope)
Money like Draymond Green? (Yup)
Ain't nobody finna crush our dream (Nope)
Won't stop 'til we get a ring (Yup)

[Hook]
Everybody say, "Warriors", Warriors
Everybody say, "Warriors", Warriors
Everybody say, "Warriors", Warriors
Everybody say, "Warriors", Warriors

These haters is hatin'
I already know, but we never gon' choke (No, no, no)
I'm a stay gettin' money (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I ain't got to sell my soul (No, no, no)
I'm a stay gettin' money (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
If you hate, you ain't like me (No, no, no)
I'm a stay gettin' money (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I don't care if you don't like me (No, no, no)
I'm a stay gettin' money (Yeah, yeah, yeah)[Hook: T-Pain]
Your boyfriend don't like me
I can't blame him
But, why he tryin' be just like me
It's kinda lame huh?
(Huh)
I don't wanna be your man
Girl I'm just bein' honest
But what you got in your pants
Got the whole club like damn

[Refrain: T-Pain]
Booty big enough, booty big enough
Your booty, your booty
Your booty big enough to put a red cup on it
Booty big enough, booty big enough
Your booty, your booty
Your booty big enough to put a red cup, cup, cup

[Verse 1: E-40]
Whole seat-ers
Her booty bigger than a Prius
Hella thick, she get it from her mother
Yellow bones and complexion is butter
Dime piece, two nickels
Nipples pokin' out like missiles
He don't make it rain he make it trickle
Me I'm a hustler I make it triple
She a bad one, look at the way she switchin', the way she walk
I don't care if it's real, I don't care if it's bought
I don't discriminate darling you see I'm far from a racist I like 'em Latin, Caucasian, and Black, Arab, and Asian
How you get rid of the baby weight pretty girl your booty bodacious you've been doing your lunges, and crunches, and planks, all of the basics
Tight jeans you can see her camel toe
Slap that ass like I'm fittin' to domino
Bitch!

[Hook + Refrain]

[Verse 2: Kid Ink]
Security!
Is, every bottle in my section?
But your ass the table top
Swing that my direction, put a red cup shot glass on your butt (Shots!)
Order 'nother round throw it round don't stop
Been off work she ain't even on clock
Still doing anything for me
Anybody asks tell 'em that's my shorty
Yeah that's my shorty
I done fell in love with a stripper
Pain you already know what it is bro
Game is all that I know how to give her
Yeah, so your man keep callin'
Girl keep it real he don't want no problems
It's me and the O.G. 40 Water
Here for the night you goin' miss me tomorrow

[Hook + Refrain]

[Bridge: T-Pain & E-40]
[E-40] Big enough to set a cup on her booty
[T Pain] Cup on it, cup on it (x3)
[E-40] Big enough to set a cup on her booty
[T Pain] Big enough to set a red cup, cup, cup

[Verse 3: B.o.B.]
Big booty, small booty, long booty, tall booty
That's a make the front page on a blog booty
She wanna see a doc, you better do some squats
I'd rather touch a soft ass than a hard booty
Throw that back, throw that back
She could be a chiropractor working all that back
She could start a clothing line showing all that GAP
That's a standing ovation making all that clap
A big gesture, got a good texture
She can make some Guess jeans stretch like polyester
Call me lord Bobby I'mma bless her with the scepter
Breaking head boards fucking up the architecture
She got a big butt, she got a big butt
When she walk through hoes like 'what the fuck?'
Booty got it's own mind that's a head butt
Now turn that ass around hold this fucking red cup
I'm just sayin'

[Refrain + Bridge][Hook x2]
Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go
Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go
Go dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb

[Verse 1: E-40]
Ooh. Jesus Christ had dreads, so shake em
I ain't got none, but I'm planning on growing some
Imagine all the Hebrews going dumb
Dancing on top of chariots and turning tight ones
Ooh, tell me when to go (dumb)
Talking on my Ghettro on the way to the store
My 2nd or 3rd trip
Some Henny, some Swishers and some Listerine strips
Dr. Greenthumb lips, just to ease my thoughts
Not just the cops, but the homies you got to watch
The moon is full, look at the dark clouds
Sitting in my scraper, watching Oakland Gone Wild, ta-dow
I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
All that other shit, sugarcoated and watered down
I'm from the Bay where we hyphy and going dumb
From the soil where them rappers be getting their lingo from

[Hook (x2):]
Tell me when to go (x4)
Go dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb

[Verse 2: Keak Da Sneak]
I'm off that 18 dummy juice
Nigga yadadamean? Labeled the Black Zeus
King of the super duper hyphy (hyphy, hyphy, hyphy, hyphy)
And your wifey he don't like me (like me, like me, like me, like me)
From the Bay to the A
Put me in a Backwood, Swisher sweet bud, orange lace (Let's go, it's dope)
It's just some shit I wrote, I said they couldn't be saved by John the Pope (John the Pope)
I slid past on the gas, bitches looking at me
It's good, it's good like the granddaddy
Cross game, you get flipped like a burger patty
Or zig-zagged, pass me a big old fatty
I drink white, with a snow bunny
Talking big shit in the scraper, going hella dummy
1800, Jose Cuervo
Yadadamean? Yadada I'm saying though?

[Hook x2]

[Outro: E-40]
Now let me direct traffic for a minute
(talk to 'em)
Now, let me tell you about this hyphy movement we got going in the bay
When I say something you say it right back to me, you smell me?
We're gonna do it like this right here

[X2]
Ghostride the whip, ghostride the whip
Ghostride the whip, ghostride the whip
Now scrape, scrape, scrape, scrape
Now scrape, scrape, scrape, scrape
Put your stunna shades on
Put your stunna shades on
Put your stunna shades on
Put your stunna shades on
Now gas, brake, dip, dip
Gas, brake, dip, dip
Shake them dreads, shake them dreads
Shake them dreads, shake them dreads
Let me see you show your grill, let me see you show your grill
Let me see you show your grill, let me see you show your grill
Now thizz face, thizz face
Thizz face, thizz face
Doors open, mayne
Doors open, mayne
Doors open, mayne
Doors open, mayne
Now watch em swang, watch em swang
Now watch em swang, watch em swang
Go stupid, go dumb, dumb
Go stupid, go dumb, dumb

[Hook x2][Intro:]
(Phone rings)
This is the operator. I have a collect call from
"Hey this yo' potnah main!"
Who is an inmate in a California State prison
To deny charges, hang up now
To accept charges, press five now

[Hook:]
Mmmmm..... welllll
One love (one love)
Ohhhhh (one love) The L, the L, the L, the L
One love (one love)
Welll (there's only one love) The O, the O, the O, the O
One love (one love)
Ohhhhh (one love) and the V, the V, the V, the V
One love (one love)
Welll (there's only one love) it's the E, the E, the E, the E

[Verse 1:]
Member that game Fat Bank Take Skinny Bank?
Well now we play Skinny Bank Take Fat Bank
That's because it ain't no work bein offered main
They act like they ain't even thinkin bout us main
I promise I swear the po-po threw my homey in the slammer
Did him bad, wish I had my candid camera, made me mad
Penelopes swarmin like bees surveillance binoculars hidden in trees
Reliable sources copping pleas, oh p-uh-please
One for the life, and two for death
Three damn strikes no chances left
Let me tell ya lil bout me
E-40 and the C-L-I-C we used to have to use
Sheets for curtains, socks for washtowels
I was happy as hell when my cousin gave me his hand-me-downs
This ain't no happy Shirley Temple realistic crap
This here is serious more Realistic than Radio Shack
Observe as I strike a nerve, reach out and touch my kind
Open up your photo album man, and I bet you find
Folks that passed away, potnahs that been blasted away
I miss you spill some liquor main, who got some tissue

[Hook: Leviti & E-40]
One love (one love) One love
Ohhhh (one love)
One love (one love) well well One love
Well wellll (there's only one love)
One love (one love) One love
Ohhhh (one love)
One love (one love) well well One love
Well wellll (there's only one love)

[Verse 2:]
E'rybody wanna shoot em up bang bang
Way I was raised we had to knuckle up and throw them thangs
We got em up and you know I had to check em swell
Cuz if I ran home and didn't fight back my mom'd beat that tail
Just received word from my folks upstate
They said uh, they tryin ta, they tryin ta take away our weights
And uh, no more beef and pork just muslim books and fish fork
And laps around the yard with my Walkman bumpin this
Now I'm bouts ta get married, is it clever
Thought it was, till I got the Dear John letter
Been down for ten months and got a eight year stay
And I just found out she had her baby yesterday
Ain't nobody been to see me yet, but I ain't gonna worry
Man ya out there ballin main can you drop a twomp up in my commisary
Uhh, my family thinks that I'm a thug homie
When you see my momma man give her a hug for me
And tell her

[Hook:]

[Verse 3:]
Huh, thinkin back, you gotta watch your back and play it well
Enjoyed myself when I was out there tryin ta get in that mail
We used to kick it at the waterfront the whole Vallejo
Watchin the pervin contestses between E-40 and Del
That's what we did up under the bridge fools posted up
Choppin game conversatin gettin toast up
Leanin against my seamless convertible tops and boosted cleaners
Them Click boys mobbin deep in cuts, actin meanest
The good times, they gone, here in the can is my new phone
Guess in order to do some right I had to do some wrong
Picked up a package yesterday and I was HAPPY
It was a box and full of goodies from my PAPPY
Tripped me out ain't seen or heard from Poppa Duke in years
Sent me a picture and some fetti dang they sheadin tears
See first you born then you live then you die
One day soon I'll get another try, 1-Luv

[Hook:][Hook]
{4..3...2...2..}
A-2 Steeeeep, a-2 Steeeep (REMIIIIIIIIIIX!!!)
Now gon' n 2 Step, (2 Step) now gon' n 2 Step (2 Step)
Now gon' n 2 Step, (2 Step) now gon' n 2 Step (2 Step)
Now get, jiggy wit it, (jiggy wit it) now get, jiggy wit it (jiggy wit it)
Now get, jiggy wit it, (jiggy wit it) now get, jiggy wit it, (jiggy wit it)
(REMIIIIIIIIIIIX!!)
Now gon' n 2 Step! (2 Step!) Aye, watch me 2 Step! (2 Step)
Now can you 2 Step! (2 Step!) Like I 2 Step! (2 Step!)
Watch me get, jiggy wit it, watch me get, jiggy wit it
Watch me get, jiggy wit it, watch me get, jiggy wit it
Gon n' 2 Step

[T-Pain - over Hook]
You can actually hear me 2 Steppin while I'm recordin this
You know dat right? (This is the remiiiiix!!)

[T-Pain]
Ay, you know my bank roll (roll!), got a lot of zero's (zero's!)
Teddy Pain (Teddy Pain), the Tallahassee hero (hero!)
I done got a crib (ayy!!), now I'm in The A (ayy!!)
2 Steppin lemme show you how I do this thang (thang!)
Take yo left foot, put it out in the front
And do it - mmmmmerrrrrrrrrahh...like this (AYY!!)
Now if you look around the club, you would notice cain't nobody do it
Qui....iiiiiiite - like this (AYY!!)
Ay! Shades on, dem Oakley's to be exact
Now when I sang my song, I'mma bring dem hoes in the back
And you know, I'm the hottest nigga 'round!
So when I get 'em up to my room, I got 'em countin me down, let's get it..

[Hook: T-Pain's version]
{4.. (4!) 3... (3!) 2... (2!) 2..}
Hey, hey, hey 2 Steeeeep, (OH!) 2 Steeeep (let's go!)
Now gon' n 2 Step, (Oh!!) now gon' n 2 Step (Oh!!)
Now watch me 2 Step, (OH!!) now watch me 2 Step (OH!!)
Now get, jiggy wit it, (REMIX!) now get, jiggy wit it (REMIX!)
Now get, jiggy wit it, (REMIX!!) now get, jiggy wit it, (jiggy wit it)
(Now gon n 2 Step) (Ay, AY!)

[DJ Unk]
{4..} Steppin to the right, wipe me down manye
{3...} Steppin to the left, with yer stunna frames
{2...} By this time the WORLD know what to do
It's goin down 2 Steppin REMIX! Unk, what it do?
I'm back one mo' geeeen, wit another one ('nother one)
2 Steppin, gettin jiggy baby have some fun (have some fun)
They said it couldn't be dooooone, I guess I got it crackin (got it crackin)
2 Steppin, ay bay-BAY (AYYY!!) (That's what's hap'nin)
Now gawn n get it shawty, the charts I climb back on (climb back on)
One-hit wonder, bet dey wonder how I do it all (do it all)
They got dey steps wrooooong, dey try to bite mine (bite mine)
Let's see what's hap'nin when I count down, one more time - GO

[T-Pain's Hook]

[Jim Jones - over Hook]
Money's on the fadeaway
NYC, you know how we do it

[Jim Jones]
Now catch us 2 Steppin, I got my goons reppin (Dip Set!)
We turn the VIP into the "do it, do it" section (do it)
You know the jewel selection (blingin), I'm blue VVS'in (flawless)
We ain't gon' talk about the whips, you know the Coupe selection ('Raris!)
And I got everything that you want (yep), I'm registered to Dupont
(check)
I get bread like croutons (dough), I make dough like crouissants (bread)
I'm Grey Poupon (yep), Bentley shit baby (baby)
"What the fuck is you on?" (what?!) It's how I'm livin' lady (lady)
Like Queens call the car dealer then the Girbaud dealer
Now we out at Vegas, poker face with the card dealer (westsiiide)
The hard nigga (yep), gone off the hard liquor (Jones)
You better watch your ass when them foreign cars wheel up (I'm back!)

[T-Pain's Hook]

[E-40 - over Hook]
Official remix! Official remix!
Official remix! eeRRRRRAH!

[E-40]
I'm in my Cutlass on two shoes (two shoes)
Breakin all the rules (the rules)
Two hitters manye two fools! (two fools!)
Two hammers manye two 2's! (two 2's!)
Shinin like a chandelier ('lier)
Diamonds up in my ear (ear)
Sick Wid It trophy on my neck, I dang near wear it everywhere
Too much candy on my ride (ride)
Too many rumors I done died (died)
Too many haters on this Earth
All my life it ain't been certs (it ain't been certs)
Started off real small (real small)
But now my mail is tall (tall)
Had to walk before I crawled
I had my back against the wall (back against the wall)
Two faces not us, two faces at once, grittin it gettin it in
Hustlers R Us, never no punk, I'll 2 Step on yo' chin
I see some broads (I see some broads)
2 steppin' by they lonesome (by they lonesome)
These square suckers they actin' like they don't wanna (don't wanna)
They don't know, they don't know, they don't know! (they don't know)
You gotta find 'em doe, send 'em doe, break 'em doooooe-oooh (break 'em
Though)
You gotta get the dough, get the dough, get the dough
I mean get it manye rain, shine, sleet, or snooooow-oooh
See I managed wit it (managed wit it), I get jiggy wit it (jiggy wit it)
Eh-ha ha!
ERRRUGH! (Whoooooooo)

[T-Pain's Hook 2X][Hook: TC4800]
Bitch nigga you corny
Ridin' round in the 4g'z
You ain't even got four G's
You ain't even know four G's
My Louboutin's cost four G's
Bitch nigga you the police
And I don't fuck with the police
Ridin' round in the 4g's with four 4g'z

[Verse 1: TC4800]
Aye it's T.C. the lok, got money got weed
Got pro-methazine and a lot of Robin Jeans
I stay fly my nigga, I do this shit on the daily
You stay broke my nigga, you do that shit on the daily
I woke up thought being broke was boring
So I robbed a couple houses in Torrance
Cashed out, on a foreign
Pull up to any bitch I'm scoring
Uh you know I stay with them fly kicks
You know I stay with a fly bitch
And you can try to bag her
But every time you do she be like

[Hook]

[Verse 2: E-40]
Zappboard beneath the ashtray, woofers in the back
Water in the duals make loud glass pack
Sogliano tippy toes twenty-fours chrome
Bought a set of pirelli's and left the stickers on
Skipping down ave with the beat on blam
Sounding like a motherfucking summer jam
Fat bank roll, my pockets pregnant
Both of them twins, they need a c-section
My Feddi lengthy like 40 career, hustlin'
Granddaddy purp in the air, hovering
Zoning like a motherfucker, high as a quail
Bluntpower spray to get rid of the smell

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ty Dolla $ign]
Four G's two bottles at Greystone
Smoking, getting my drink on
Threw four G's on your baby momma
Secret Sunday's now she at the My Cabana
Four G's for the bill at Katana
Thousand tip for the waitress I'm a baller
Shot caller, 64 Impala
Don dadda, me and Ace Obama
Faded at the Grammy's with the G-pen
Dolla sign kush, I'm reeking
Yeah I smell like Kesha
You niggas corny, like tortillas

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Charley Hood]
I'm on my bullshit spitting like two clip
Got your bitch on my pool table doing splits
How them niggas acting? Spoiled like they trapping
I'm from 10-4 street none of that happening
Me and my niggas, burnt out
All fly shit, all ru'd out
Talking reckless? Nigga outside your mouth
Gone ahead and get you pistol whipped like bloom bloow
No tough talk you ain't got no rap sheet
Y'all niggas ain't really had no beef
Y'all niggas ain't really clap no heat
Stop cuffing yo bitch nigga come approach me!

[Hook][Verse 1: Celly Cel]
A slave to the hood, have no money in my pants
Rollin wit some heat to make a mutha fucka dance
Had a chance to bubble, had my hustle but I blew that
I walked up in the gun store, an ran out wit a new gat
A double four, I don't want my million dolla mission
211, bitches kissin on my chrome wit skrillas in my vision
Can't move wit out the mail, wanna hustle
So I figga I go out there when they posted up an rush a nigga

[Verse 2: E-40]
But I can go anotha way, (notha way)
Hopefully payday, (payday)
What if I slipped and say I dislocated my hip and sued them
That's my new get back
All kinds listen to that flavor
The racateerin, racateerin
Copy bootin-legger
Or however, whatever
Long as the weathers clever
My feelin the house might become a snitch fo the vice
Ain't no tellin, ain't no tellin
That's what Harold told Melvin. Ten millaaaa
Make a nigga bleed fo the skrilla

[Verse 3: B-Legit]
Three drunk niggas wit they gages loaded (Gages loaded)
55 kicks in them agents ho (Agents ho)
But I don't wanna beef, cuz the game be fake (Game be fake!)
Strip a mutha fucka fo his cars and money (Fo his cars and money)
Tagged up a 600 SEL (Yeah)
A three way split, me, 40, an Cel (Yeah)
About my mail I was bound to have it (Bound to have it)
See you fuckin wit a mutha fuckin Savage (Biddy-iddy-itch!)

[Hook: Celly Cel & E-40 & B-Legit]
50 ways to get my scratch on fool
I'm a killa fo the skrilla, that's what we do
It's, ah, fo the skrilla, I did it fo the skrilla
See I'm nuthin but a killa doin dirt fo the skrilla

[Verse 4: B-Legit]
Landlord, landlord
Where you at?? (Where ya at!?)
I'm hidin in the bushes wit a baseball bat (baseball bat)
I need that sack that you made today (today)
Or watch me turn into Willie Mays (Willie Mays)

[Verse 5: Celly Cel]
On a mission fo my mail
An you know fo sho we gonna get it
It's the first bitch, gimme yo check so I can flip it
An when I do, she ain't gonna see a penny of this shit
Cryin havin fits, but I'm in it fo the skrilla bitch

[Verse 6: E-40]
Gotta fertilize yo cash an make it greener
Electrictronic scale triple beamer
Juss as sneaky as I wanna be, trifle do
Fuck goin by the books and stickin to them rules

[Verse 7: B-Legit]
Ten is the limit on the card I'm holdin
Citibank Visa, but the card is stolen
Retail price, just pay me half
But you gotta come right with the cash

[Hook: 2x]

[Verse 8: E-40]
I done took a few heads fo the skriller Bay
Hope it don't come back an haunt me
Got funk wit like seven different crews
Cuz I done jacked, kidnapped, an did dirt to them fools
Watch my back
Been lookin over my shoulder blades
Hella sneaky cuz I heard them niggas got grenades
I'm from the Bay so regardless what I'm caught up in, this tangle
Can't get up out the Dodge, wit this federal beeper on my ankle

[Verse 9: B-Legit]
Mutha fuckaz don't ride fair no mo
Get snatched out the 9-6, 5 point 0
Took to the hills to get stapled man
While a nigga ride off in a Stang

[Verse 10 : Celly Cel]
Man I need some ends
But to get the ends I gotta sin
Fuck it, let me page a nigga, lie bout what I'm a spend
Bring me a pound, I got it sold on this side of town
You got that yey, you weigh, I pay, fool that's how it's goin down
Bring it in zippers, an I'm a bring the body ripper
The big dipper, wit an extra thirty round clipper
He brought it back, weighed out to the fullest
Little did he know I had his name engraved on my bullet
Dumpin like a fool, served, nigga pumpin gas
Had that heat fo his ass, took his yey an all his cash
I made him feel a, money hungry blood spilla
Straight killa, I did it fo the skrilla

[Hook: 2x][Hook]
[E-40]
707 breh
I'm throwing up the V
The 707
She rolling up the tree
707
Got a .223 (where you from breh?)
From the 707
I’m throwing up the V, bitch
From the 707

[E-40]
I’m a hillside kitty walk nigga of course
You bound to see a nigga do a drive by on a horse
Country-city boy, big corn-fed nigga
40 ounce sipper, discount liquor
On the corner of Magazine and Sonoma boulevard
Across the street from Grant street, suicide back yard
Play them boys for false, fuck around and get stolen
They rep that shit hard, shout out to Soulin
I got the munchies cause I'm smoking on a log
Went to Bridgeside for some Sac's hot dogs
I'm slapping "Hubba Head" the Luvva Twins - Albino Rod
The first record Vallejo record ever pressed up as far as hip hop
Then came M.V.P.:  40, D-Shot, Suga, and B
Then came The Mac, then came Mac D-R-E
They doing the Thizz Dance in front of SolTrans
Everybody activated with a pistol in their pants

[Hook]

[Nef The Pharaoh]
I was taking a shit
Heard Cousin Fik hit me up
He said 40 on the other line
I told that nigga "what?"
Press mute, wipe my ass, bounce the fuck up
And started talking business with the boss of where I'm from
The seven hundred and six plus one
I be in the ?????? in the flats
Was born in 95 and after that it’s been a wrap
I'm a hustla not no rat I'm about my Gouda I'm about my scratch
I'm heading to the tippy so I’m always on my toes
Times girl taking pictures for so I'm striking for the pose
My niggas ??? still be playing with their nose
Even if this rap don’t blow
I’m still getting money outta ho
I was raised by Old-Ds so it's classing me
I'm allergic to broke bitches so they bad for me
You wanna ?????? and start cashing me
Bitch I'm from Vallejo motha fucka stop asking me

[Hook]

[Willie Joe]
V-A-double-L-E-J-O
Hop in this form, bitch and ride with the roller
What's your motive?  Them ain't the cops them the rollers
Flow straight colder talking sicker than Ebola
Had a tramp out in Rosa and I fucked her good
I found out she was a ho so I kept her hood
Yo we counting C-notes like a musical
I'm slapping young d-boys selling cocaine as usual
I went to House of Soul, I need the usual
Never wore a suit but I’m suitable
Water boys down to the ???
Moved to the A the shit was beautiful
I move back start killing niggas, your funeral
I'm sideways nigga that-a-way
Shout out to Legit, my nigga 40 cause they paved the way
Hell yeah I'mma rep, they gonna hate me anyway (BEEZY!)
So anyway (Feel me!)[Hook: Kokane]
Doin too much (too much), seven much (too much)
Don't you know that I'm the one
You can't get nothin over on me
Doin too much (too much), way too much (too much)
You doin too much - I'm the one

[E-40]
I see you over there peepin a player out from hella far away
Tryin to get with some of this here mackin
Apparently you ain't tryin hard enough cause if you was
You woulda been made your way over here to the V.I.P. with us
Where yo' man at? What's the matter with that clown
Leavin a sharp-ass lil' broad like you up in here with all us players?
Hopefully you up in here with some of yo' friends, so some of my friends
Can get with some of yo' friends and turn it into somethin
I'm - fin' to walk over here to the bar and get the bartender
To mix me one of my customized drinks without the blender
Get everybody up in the club up in here off the numb-numb juice
Vodka, 7-Up, and cran-apple juice (eww)
The ladies outnumber the fellas six-to-one
And me and my fellas up in here like good one pimp, we all won
The pretty ones in here are hot like a dog in heat
Touchin they toes, backin it up, and dancin like a freak

[Hook]

[E-40]
MAN! I'm over here on super-purp' (super-purp')
Up in the club hollerin at somebody else's work
Yeah pimpin I'm up on all the slang that you make up
But I believe you stay about your marbles and be about your bacon
Youse a player about yours and I'm sensin and smellin
That youse one of them sharp-ass lil' sisters huh?
Might even want you to be my baby, maybe ma
Speakin upon my baby ma, here she comes
And she hoodrat, hoodrat, hoochie momma
Same ol', same ol', dry-ass drama (drama)
Comin up in my face about the, child support
Talkin about, takin me to court (to court)

[Kokane]
Eww eww eww, takin me to court, can't work me
Most of these hoes be mo' full of shit than a Christmas turkey

[Hook]

[E-40]
Well alright ho
Boss mo', player hater hater my noggin
D-Boy, people swear up and down I'm a rocker
But I'm a soil block turf hog built for battle
15's in the trunk, like a snake they rattle
Leave skid marks all on the gravel
Drivin like a bat outta hell to the hotel
Bounce roll rock skate side to side
Baby got the gin and the Astroglade (and the Astroglade)
I hopin that the jimmy don't bust
While I thrust much cush gush knock boots with lust
Swish swush loose nuts drop juice drip stuff
One two three fo' five six seven much!

[Hook]

[Kokane]
Baby baby baby baby you doin too much (and all the fellas say)
Ah la la la la, la la (and all the ladies say)
Ohh la la la la, la la (and all the fellas say)
Ohh la la la la, la la (and all the ladies say)
Ohh la la la la, la la (and all the fellas say)
Ohh la la la la, la la (and all the ladies say)
{*fades out*}[E-40]
Huh? Want me to speak the real?

[Kaveo]
Speak the real man

[E-40]
Nigga speak the real
Speak the real
Speak the real
Speak the real
Speak the real

It's a quarter after nine on my AM FM
Radio Shack digital motel six o' clock alarm reads
"40, get your ass up, time to hit the grind
You can't afford to pass no money I know you heard about that"
What, what? "Task raided Millersville Ms. Miller had a heart attack"
Dude, that's some cold shit, ain't it huh?
I know, she was a good person for certain I know
V-Town, California where I was born, raised and grown
And since 1979 I been a hustler on the go
You know the drill, my mission for real, a mealticket
You feel, we slowly but surely approachin seven digits
Figurines, sticky doo-hicky and angel dust
Mescaline, niggas know better than fuck with us
I'm pimped out flossin in Reno in the casino
Big bid, fuckin off feddie I could've put down on a crib
I does that, I do, rejuvenate, redeem
Take a lose, take a lose
Don't make a scene
Nigga charge it to the triple beam
Fuck the stress
I let that orange box of baking soda do the rest
Holler at my neighborhood chef, Raul
Known for cloning chickens and turning one into two
That's all he do for a living
That's all he's used to
Playtex rubber dishwashing gloves and residue, Biotch!!!!

(Hook)
[Kaveo]
Bullshit ain't nothin
You see we gone keep this thuggin
And mean muggin jump until it's a done deal
You see E-40 and Sick Wid It bring the real nothin but
What if I bring this back down?
You gots to be about it or be without it

[E-40]
Be about it or without it
Ay, you know what? I smell you on that playboy, look
We fin to run down a a whole tac on these bitch ass niggas
Niggas ain't smellin this shit
We do this shit

Last night I slapped a bitch upside her dome
With my faulty phone
That heifer's tired
She tried to slash my tire
Caught me in the bed with her cousin Tanji
From the track
She use to hold my sack
I use to dick her down way back in 86
She use to look just like a skank
But now that bitch got a ass, tits, body and boy that bich is bad
For what it's worth, the pussy smelled like Certs
Victoria's Secret
Now folks just remember I never said I thought about lickin pussy
I said I never thought about eatin
Keepin it and treatin it nice
Fuck that I'm a hog
I put it down, I'm from the hood
Where I live, on the outskirts
And down on the tuck in the cut
In Clemente Apartments man
I'm a baller so you know I ain't got shit in my name
I'm strictly ghetto celebrity, niggas get buried
Ready for combat if you plottin and plannin
Oh if you come for me and confiscate my dough
Let the buzzer be the bail
But my suggestion is to stay within your envelope
I'm block to block, swingin on vines
Community service, put up stop signs

(Hook)

[Kaveo]
Uhhh!!! Hold the fuck on!!
Did you or did you not tell these niggas to stay within they envelope?
Sheeit, these toddlers are green to the game
They ain't know nothin about these tramps
Six bedroom flats and gettin dealt and held a hand across the mat
You see we from the Yay where we control they minds
And put these hoes on the grind

[E-40]
Ain't got to but I still touch it
Went to the Seven Eleven picked up a traders book and bought a bucket
Use to have a perm taller than the Charlotte Hornets
But I had to cut that bitch off cause see your patna had warrant
That I ain't even handled yet although I'm havin cake
The little homie from the hood want me to put out his tape
He kinda tight too, remind me of The Click crew
Cause they was spittin that old high powered
Godzilla ballin guru ass type shit you
Can relate to, wake to, 'scape to when it's sunny
Ride by, slide by, get at a honey
I know these streets like I know my dick
I can tell you who the nigga is that's about to get jacked
And the nigga that pulled the lick
I got this bitch on lock
999,999 plus a dollar in a safe deposit box
Marijuana crops still in this roster
Kilogram, coca leaf and morphien
What about my niggas in the 4-1-5
Look what they made
My niggas in the city
They call it made
Top grade regeneration, uncut
Designer weed, straight hempilation, what the fuck

Sheit, sheit, sheit, sheit, sheit, sheit sheit, sheit...
Hell yeah, sheit!!
999,999 plus a dollar, plus a dollar man
Plus a dollar, plus a dollar man equals a mealticket bitch
Biotch!!!
Sheit! Sheit![Hook: Hurricane Chris]
I'm in the club hollering
A bay bay, a bay bay, a bay bay, a bay bay, a bay bay
I'm in the club hollering

[Verse 1: Game]
You can find me in the a bay bay
Bucket full of cry-stal V.I.Ped up
Going hard in body tap where they throw that cheese up
I been about my paper niggas know about my stack
You don't like that dirty money send your girl to wipe me down
Million dollars on my neck and wrist shine for a mile
She wanna see it up close then she gotta walk it out
I'm the king of this rap shit what the fuck they talking 'bout
Niggas can't sell records so they blame it on the South
I be all through Shreveport, Louisiana ballin'
Like who the fuck said ain't no choppers in New Orleans
My rims so clean they spinning like a whirlwind
Pull up at the club bitches texting they girlfriends
They know who I is they know who I am
I be flying through the south in that burgundy Lam'
Pull up at the light my shit so bright
She want my number shit call me tonight
Pick up the phone like

[Verse 2: Hurricane Chris]
Well its the H to tha U double R I C-A-N to tha E Get em up, Get em up, Get em up like
A bay bay that's what we say when we pull up in them trucks
Tell my label to cut the check I'mma go and spend it up
On the Bentley painted yellow like a baby school bus
26's make em stop when I pull up
And my pants sag low like I was rockin' a pull-up
When I stop and I pull up, I'mma be already full of Vodka
I keep that in my cup a bay bay on make me bussa
And if you try to take my chain I'mma snatch yo face off
I got diamonds in my ear the same size as baseballs
Where they at? They lost I don't thank they on my level
Lil mama thank I'mma bite her with this alligator sweater
A bay bay was just the beginning I'm finna run the game
Whoever feel different can holla at Hurricane
Wanna be talking but heavy itinerary break up yo chest if you running yo mouth
And every since I dropped that a bay bay I been running the South

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Lil Boosie]
A bay bay it's Lil Boosie
This for my dawgs who keep that cake and keep that uzi
Holla a bay bay
One eighty seven'm two eleven'm on my side of town
E'erbody riding 'round A bay bay fuck naw
Rubberbands round cash I'm making cake
A bay bay what we gone eat today I want me some steak
Paint the caddy candy green hey bay bay
Anybody try to hate they gone feel that
In Baton Rouge keep a big bitch, attitude real rude
L.I.G I'm real cool don't thank that I'm a lil' dude
Beef to me like bar-b-que it's nothing at all
Thought that ratchet was a fool a bay bay goin' off

[Verse 4: Birdman]
Say that red hat them red B's wife B's
23's out the Bentley and we stay fly
Hundred G's P-R-P's hum V's
We D-boys getting money on them 25's
5 star and that's me, a O.G
I'm from the three the thirteenth off the wild side
My young G and he a beast Tha Carter 3
That's more stuntin' but we hustlin' like it's do or die

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Angie Locc]
Ratchet dancing cross the floor you know the g-way
Hollerin' uuhh up on the mic with the DJ
I'm with my G's and my thugs and my ese's
Hiding 'hind the shades I been up for bout three days
Cut with curls in my hair got my L's in tha air
Waistin' drank everywhere 'cuz I 'cuz I don't care
With my niggas out that lava and you know we bad off
We the ones up in the cut with them blunts that make you cough
Trued all the way down from my head to my feet
I can't feel my face so please don't speak
You wanna know what we do when the club get packed?
What? Toss my set, raise my shirt, show that tat up on my back

[Verse 6: Jadakiss]
Yo look it ain't a game, 50 large is what I came with
25 for bottles 25 to make it rain with
This ain't Reggie Miller ma, this is kush and haze mixed
Don’t sit there and lie to me, you ain't never taste this
Hope the Lord forgive me gave my Jesus piece a face-lift
Stones is doing the Watusi in the bracelet
Ain't no stoppin' that, I be where the guap is at
Excuse me, I be wherever it's poppin' at
Now I'm on the dance floor, iced out, lights out
Wife-beater, true religion shorts and my Nikes out
Drinkin' out the bottle talking much shit, Dutch lit
Every bunny within arms reach wanna touch Kiss
Yes, and when I leave they all followin', just 'cuz I was in the club hollerin'

A bay bay, a bay bayWalla walla walla bang bang (ehh-yeahhhh)
One me on the grand tree damn come from around kingsman (heh heh heh)
Walla walla walla bang bang walla dang dang dang (yea yea)
Walla walla walla bang bang what a dang thang (yea yea oh yea yea oh)

[E-40]
Its smoky up in here, so open up the vents
We heated up in here... with street instruments
My piranhas is hungry, we play for keep
We thick in this booch, we 60something deep
We licorice booch if you feel a frog its leap
Promiscuous booch sometimes we like to cheat
I'm spillin' my liquor, its all on my clothes
I'm Smellin like alcohol bout to follow my nose
I'm mad doggin and thuggin, buckin and grudging
We off of them pills, and we ain't talking bout bufferin
(You flossin grills?) like they do down south
(100 dollar bills?) with furniture in they mouth
If you like it, I love it, when its dry as a drought
If you dig it, I dug it, be about your paper route
If its woofers and sub hits, clientele and clout
Party and clubbing, up in the building talking loud

[Hook]
We gon' act a ass (push my Glock up in the grass)
We gon' do the fool (we'll be breaking all the rules)
So don't make me murdah (eh)
Emcees up in side (eh)
We gon' tap nigga and grind like that boy yeah
We gon' act a ass (aye-yeahhhh)

[E-40]
(Yo) I'm having my yay-per, im feeling my scrill
I'm seeing my money mayne, im a hustler for real
Gotta get it while its good, ain't no time to wait
Its dangerous in my hood, with plenty money to make
I'm drinking a beer, im smoking a swisher
I barely can steer, im full of this liquor
I handles my biz, im takin' my exit
Then parking this britch, the magazine street exit
I pull up my truck, im stopping my soul
Stop at the 7-11, talking shit on my phone
Hustler by nature (nature), gangster by choice
I'm checkin' my pager, im checkin' my voice
Re-up and re-coppin', peddlin' and pushin'
More keys than a janitor, my nick-name is bookman
Bitches be lookin', old-folk be starin'
Patin' me down, searchin' the clothes that im wearin'

We gon' act a ass (push my Glock up in the grass)
We gon' do the fool (we'll be breaking all the rules)
So don't make me murdah (eh)
Emcees up in side (eh)
We gon' tap nigga and grind like that boy yeah
We gon' act a ass (aye-yeahhhh)

[E-40]
(Yo) mini fourteens, M-1 therapy
AR-15, pimpin' m16s, without me
Won't be no slang in the game, it'll be extinct
I've been bamboozled and hit with mayne
People hit with all kind of these identity thieves
Underrated and hated, on by all these squares in the industry
Man I'm a legend pimp, they call me EE four owe
Ex D-boy used to push that blow
Gas, break, dip, stop, and go
Ride the strip, hit the sto'e
You know that I bought it, you know that I got it
Had to cop a bottle of the blue hypnotiq
Incredible Hulks, you know what I mean
Mix it with some dark and watch that shit turn green
Higher than an elephants eye, me and my guys
Off broccoli and hash, actin a ass...

We gon' act a ass (push my Glock up in the grass)
We gon' do the fool (we'll be breaking all the rules)
So don't make me murdah (eh)
Emcees up in side (eh)
We gon' tap nigga and grind like that boy yeah
We gon' act a ass (aye-yeahhhh)

Well allllright
Me a bad man, ruff by nature
You punkin' on me you goin' into danger
Me and the Don, ruff and down low ranger
Me thought me pot was comin' from Jamaica
No mess with stranger, no like imposta
Call me forecaster, we more like rasta
With the mix for ganja, I buy a lil cha cha
When they know inside, they blow sofa

We gon' act a ass (push my Glock up in the grass)
We gon' do the fool (we'll be breaking all the rules)
So don't make me murdah (eh)
Emcees up in side (eh)
We gon' tap nigga and grind like that boy yeah
We gon' act a ass (aye-yeahhhh)

Walla walla walla bang bang walla dang dang dang (yea yea)
Walla walla walla bang bang what a dang dang thang (yea yea oh yea yea oh)[2Pac] They say

[Intro/Hook]
[B-Legit] Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin'
[C-Bo] Where I can pile up my chips
[Richie Rich] And niggas call me a timer
[2Pac] I been ballin' since my adolescent years steady climbin'
[E-40] Man, you motherfuckers don't know nuttin' about no timin'

[2Pac] That's right, that's right boy start that shit off

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
I heard a rumour I died, murdered in cold blood dramatized
Pictures of me in my final stage you know Mama cried
But that was fiction, some coward got the story twisted
Like I no longer existed, mysteriously missin'
Although I'm worldwide, baby I ain't hard to find
Why I spend most of my time, my California grind
Watching for thievin' I'm cautious it's like I'm barely breathin'
Puttin a bullet in motherfuckers give me a reason
See me and hope I'm intoxicated or slightly faded
You tried to play me now homicide is my only payment
I'm addicted to currency in this life I lead
Why the fuck you cowards be runnin', too scared to fight a G
For the life of me, I cannot see
How motherfuckers picture livin' life after a night of fuckin' around with me
And if you don't like this rhyme
Then bring your big bad ass to California, cause we ain't hard to find

[Hook]

[Verse 2: C-Bo]
I got my locs on hard hat goin' to war
Breakin' them off on sight, stoppin' lives like red lights
Watch em pause as I pull my strap, out my drawers
And get to dumpin' on they ass, like the last outlaws
Rich, 2Pac and the Click, smokin' blunts, loadin' clips
With enough shit to raise your block in one dip
We bring on horror like Tales From the Crypt
And we ain't hard to find is the tales that we kick

[B-Legit]
I'm fully automatic full of static and shit
Movin' Dodge van fifty rounds in the clip
I'm ridin' shot gun with the tint in the back
I'm plan to have a motherfuckerin' mint in this rap
I'm from the V-A-L-L-E-J-O
Where sellin' narcotics is all I know
I got blow, speed, bleed, whatever yo' kind
And if you need a motherfucker I ain't hard to find

[D-Shot]
Some may call me Bootsy, but I call it timin'
That's while I keeps on grindin' (that's right)
To the point where a nigga can't stop
Too much feelin' this shit, that's why I'm quick to peel a bitch
Whether it's a nigga or a ho, a ho
Get in my way, then that ass gots to go
Cause a nigga steady plottin'
I serves hit for hit, and motherfuckers keep droppin'

[Hook]

[2Pac] C-Bo and D-Shot, E-40, Richie Rich
[E-40] Da Bay, beitch!

[Verse 3: E-40]
Down the steps
Abandoned broken down apartment complex
Heavy metal lipstick hairy can't be scary
Playboy, what the fuck is the proof without the trauma plate
Nigga, what the fuck you got a gun for, if ya gonna hesitate
Best shake and bake all those I-was-finst-to-ask niggas
Motherfuckers-didn't-think-I was-gon'-do-somethin'-ass niggas
Threaten your life, ain't like you love him
Bury your thoughts, take his head fuck him have at him

[Richie Rich]
Check this out
I grew up with that nigga
Threw up with that nigga
I hear he tryin' to ride
Double-edgin' for the other side
But now, my Glock be so judgemental
Back seat of a rental
Keep my name out your dental, nigga
If your gum bleeding and you needing
More than twenty stitches, you behaved like them bitches
Sideways to the race
Heavy in the game
Check the resident, it's all the same
Nigga, and we ain't hard to find

[2Pac] Hell nah we ain't hard to find
[C-Bo] The whole clickilation fool
[E-4]) Motherfuckers hard to find, right here bitch

[2Pac] Why them niggas acting like they can't find us? Like they can't see us and like we don't be at the same spots they be at? It's the same congregation. Young Pac is back, youknowhatImean?
[C-Bo] Nigga be lookin' all the way when he see you and shit
It's a celebration, Young Pac is back
[E-40] Motherfuckers better understand this shit
[2Pac] Ay D-Shot nigga can we get paid man?
Can we just go there and sock this shit up?
Hey, we smokin', and we ain't hard to find
Drinkin' and shit, fuckin' with some hurricane
[E-40] A motherfucker's gonna get his Marlboro's regardless playa
[2Pac] You supposed to
Sideways to the next light...BOOK 1

AMBITIONZ AZ A RIDAH
ALL BOUT U
GOT MY MIND MADE UP
HOW DO U WANT IT
2 OF AMERIKAZ MOST WANTED
NO MORE PAIN
HEARTZ OF MEN
LIFE GOES ON
ONLY GOD CAN JUDGE ME
TRADIN WAR STORIES
CALIFORNIA LOVE (REMIX)
I AIN'T MAD AT CHA
WHATZ YA PHONE #

BOOK 2

CAN'T C ME
SHORTY WANNA BE A THUG
HOLLA AT ME
WONDA WHY THEY CALL U BITCH
WHEN WE RIDE
THUG PASSION
PICTURE ME ROLLIN'
CHECK OUT TIME
RATHA BE YA NIGGA
ALL EYEZ ON ME
RUN THA STREETZ
AIN'T HARD 2 FINE
HEAVEN AIN'T HARD 2 FIND

-

BOOK 1

1. AMBITIONZ AZ RIDAH     4:39
(Written by: T. Shakur, D. Arnaud)
Published by Songs of Universal/Joshua's Dream (BMI)/D. Dillinger Music/Big Simon Says Publishing/WB Music Corp. (ASCAP)
Produced by Dat Nigga Daz
Engineered by Dave Aron
Assistant Engineer: Alvin McGill
Mixed by David Blake & Carlos Warlick

2. ALL ABOUT U     4:37
Featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg, Nate Dogg, Fatal and Yaki Kadafi
(Written by: 2Pac Shakur, Calvin Broadus, Nathaniel Hale, Bruce Washington, Yafeu Fula, Johnny Jackson, L. Blackman, T. Jenkins)
Published by Songs of Universal[Hook: Decadez] (x2)
All my niggas really want the money
We don't want nothing else nigga I promise
All my niggas really want the money
All my niggas really want the money

[Verse 1: E40]
All we want is the money, the mozzarella, Galbani
I got more guns than the army, can't let no bitch nigga harm me
I got that purple like Barney, I got two bitches that's horny
They say they niggas is corny, they never there and they lonely
They bought a bottle of 'trony and now they ready to blow me
If you know me you owe me, that's what I told her for sho'
I'm a mac just like Goldie, me and my cronies and brodies
Rollies and stogies, stay with the fifties and forties
That's us if you smell smoke, cookies the antidote
Puffing that rope-a-dope, my partner's they kinfolk
They rap and they sell coke, bust ya head like a cantaloupe
In the summer, a peacoat, my iPhone is jailbroke
Leaning like the Tower of Pisa, promethazina
Sweatin' like we under a heater, it's hot in here
All them suckers that's talking crazy, they not in here
Never tell my right ear what my left ear hear

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Danny Brown]
I'm up before the sun up, the work it be uncut
I break it in pieces and tell your auntie to run up
Shooters keep guns up, snitches get tounges cut
Talk to the peoples, and get your daughters and sons touched
I'm up in the chevy, we bangin blow job Betty
I just whip up a 80, so hit my phone when you're ready
Turkey bag of the loud, we ain't fuckin with reggie
Trump the trailer with pounds and touchdown out the [jevy?]
So c'mon! About to hit another Lick
‘Bout a 150 bucks, for that tax on every zip
Gerber bottles of that lean, tax on every sip
Cause they got the Qualitest and I got the Actavis
So Im rollin' (rollin'), thizzin' off that molly
Stuntin' (Stuntin'), no hands on the Ducati
My big homie E-40 put me on the Carlos Rossi
I stay younger than the muscle
Got the game from Charlie Hustle

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Schoolboy Q]
Pockets will advance, clear the room
If the bitch ain't with the shit, then your boy don't approve
See, Hennessy, Bacardi turns the party
Backwoods pre-rolled, club get foggy
Niggas mean muggin', well leap then froggy
Though I see why you mad, her ass applauding
That's your bitch, she flip like dolphins
We gon' work out and bounce the bed springs
No credit cards, just debit and large cash
And a real big bag, smell like a forest
I used to sell weight 'til gastric bypass
Pass with a Mac that smack your car glass
Addicted to ballin', no Timbs, ate Wheaties
Learn from Doo Dog, he taught big gritty
King East Bay, E-40, boss leany
Money all there, your money Houdini(DJ Drama intro w/ Jeezy ad-libs)
When we well and gone, please enjoy the legacy
(it's all the same, it's all the same)
And remember, we envisioned this from the beginning
(Yeah... yeah what, yeah what, what... ha

[Hook]
It's all the same, it's all the same
All you rappers got work
It's all the same, it's all the same
Everybody did dirt
It's all the same, it's all the same
Everybody whip work (raise the generation)
It's all the same, it's all the same
All these bitches gon talk

[Bridge:]
If you hit one club you ran through them all
Brought her girlfriends I ran through them all
Open up a brick and still the same 'caine
A hundred of you niggas is saying the same thing

[Verse 1: Young Jeezy]
Bitch nigga where the bricks at
Put 'em in the hood so they can flip that
I don't know if you heard who fucked up
I'm supposed to be here you lost cut
When the shit come on it goes silly
You fucking round Mr. put on for my city
Mr. 1800 motherfucker broke nigga pound
Fuck this sucker duck ass nigga that did it for the town
Mr. just bought another ho, 10 go down
Just to reassure me I gon see no clown
I never ever think I'm too rich for this shit
Got that 40 cal on me 2 clips for this bitch

[Bridge:]
If you hit one club you ran through them all
Brought her girlfriends I ran through them all
Open up a brick and still the same 'caine
A hundred of you niggas is saying the same thing

[Hook]

(In about 3 seconds E-40 will begin to speak)

[Verse 2: E-40]
They say the game's the same but the players change
But the players change and the game done changed
Ain't nothing changed about me but my chain
My paper, my crib, my fame
Everybody sound the same except us but we don't give a fuck
Man toss that lame a stool so he can step it up
Man this soft ass sucka ain't cool bruh, no good luck
You know when they act a fool and when they cut up
My money long like Cher hair I'm everywhere like air
I'm out here with the hot pants where they don't play fair
Got hella nicknames like weed strains
Just spark a swisher and get high as Dubai cranes

[Hook]

[Bridge:]
If you hit one club you ran through them all
Brought her girlfriends I ran through them all
Open up a brick and still the same 'caine
A hundred of you niggas is saying the same thing

[Outro: DJ Drama]
Every year since I got here they'd thought it'd be their year
And then it's all the same.... Still at it[Hook: Kokane & E-40]
Automatic, Systematic
Do what you do playa
Just keep that money on ya mi-i-ind, (on ya mind)
In the traffic, Baller status, (baller status)
[]Do what you do playa, (what you do)
Just keep on hustlin' on the gri-i-ind, (on the grind)

[E-40]
Portable scales, checkin my mail
Avoidin' the law, Stayin' out of jail
Possesion of sales, Pocket all sales
Conspiracy charges, Hate betrayals
Payin' the rent
Cause I don't write nothin down I keep it all in my head, Intellegent
About
My business, Memory like an elephant
Chasin' the dream, Suit up for cream
Special weapons and tactics team, AR-15s
And infared beams, Pointed at domes, backs, and spleens
Fire hydrons, Ambulance sirens, Spittin' licence, Police indicements
Rightiously what it all boils down to is basically who's the wisest
Ughhh, My
Heart made of granite
Slow down my spit so you squares can understand it
I didn't come in here empty handed
I came in here on business and yall gone
Retrospecit dammit
Been out the game, Did that mane
Valejeo I claim, Made the name
Feel my pain, Ghetto fame
Magazine Street hustla mane
Messin' around in the fast lane
Chevy, Cougars
And Mustangs
Novas, Granadas, and Falcons
Project livin' and Public
Housin'

[Hook]
Automatic, Systematic
Do what you do playa
Just keep that money on ya mi-i-ind
(I got my mind on my money and my money on my mind, Ughh)
In the traffic, Baller status, (Ugh)
Do what you do playa, (what you do)
Just keep on hustlin' on the gri-i-ind, (on the grind)

[Fabolous]
Its ghetto F-A-Beezy F-A-Sheezy
Bustas hate me cause I f'ed they breezies
Playboy, these TECs spray easy
Like you don't know the hoodrat Hugh Hef play greasy
I get money on the grind
So if ya mind on my money, I put some money on ya mind
Ya honey gone be mine
Cause ya diamond forecast is partly cloudly
The kids look sunny on the shine
I'm gettin' ticked off again
Ya'll must like ridin' in long black Caddies that they stick coffins in
The clique often been
Blowin' sticky that come in the jars that they stick coffee in
I got chicks offerin'
But I play hard to get unless they suck me 'til my dick soft again
You lookin' at the way the coast to coast g do it
From Brooklyn to the Bay
Bring the hook in by the way

[Hook]
Automatic, Systematic
Do what you do playa
Just keep that money on ya mi-i-ind, (on ya mind)
In the traffic, Baller status, (baller status)
Do what you do playa, (what you do)
Just keep on hustlin' on the gri-i-ind, (on the grind)
To all you playas out there hustlin', (hustli-i-in)
And all my thugs that be thuggin', (thuggi-i-in)
To all you playas out there hustlin', (out there hustli-i-in)
And all my thugs that be thuggin', (thuggi-i-in)

[Fabolous]
It don't matter if you locin' or bleedin'
Whether it's Backwoods or Zig Zags you're smokin' your weed in
You slow pokin' or speedin'
All that counts to these motherfuckers is if you broke or succeedin'
I'm gettin used to strokin' and sweetin', pokin' and skeetin'
Stayin focused while feedin', so I don't choke what im eatin'
I'm lookin' for towns to put the coke and the weed in
To sit with white folks in a meetin', please believe it

[E-40]
(Badabababa ba badababa bang bang)
I used to sell tapes up out my truck and slang caine, (boom)
Respected on the streets before the fame, (boom)
Ain't nothin' lame or game goofy about my game, (boom)
Paid my dues, Obeyed the rules
Stuck to the script, Me and The Click
All of my fellas and all of my dogs
Ridin' on mustard and mayonaise on Vogues
Fillin' em up, sittin' em down
Flossin' and bossin' all over the town
Hardest state benzes ya ever heardin ya life man write that down
(write that down)

[Hook]
Automatic, Systematic
Do what you do playa
Just keep that money on ya mi-i-ind, (on ya mind)
In the traffic, Baller status, (baller status)
Do what you do playa, (what you do)
Just keep on hustlin' on the gri-i-ind, (on the grind)
To all you playas out there hustlin', (hustli-i-in)
And all my thugs that be thuggin', (thuggi-i-in)
To all you playas out there hustlin', (out there hustli-i-in)
And all my thugs that be thuggin', (thuggi-i-in)[Intro]

[Hook]
Call me whip it back and forth
Mister get it off the porch
Ima hit 'em with the torch
Getting money is a sport
Talk and dance e'ry day
Mama taking me back and forth to court

[Verse 1: E-40]
Uh
It ain't gotta be over no skrilla
Man a dummy'll kill ya
Eat you up with the rototiller
Nobody can heal ya
Welcome to the mind of the fried and burnt
Cali-harm-ya life souped up and turnt
No ski mask, bare faced and all
Been looking forward for years, finally seen him in sol
A chance he prob'ly never would have got if it was night
There at an intersection, two active cameras at the stoplight
Disobedient and hardheaded
As you can see and can tell
School and education he failed
But in the streets he prevailed
His grandma used to always yell:
"Slow down sonny or you gonna end up going to hell
And you gonna burn for eternity."
"Forever?"
"Yeah, eternity."
"Man G-O-D don't give a mother-fuck about me!"
The mind-frame of a youngster
Depended on who he up under
Not acquired at his funeral singing "Going Up Yonder"

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Cousin Fik]
Can't nobody melt me
Fucker never felt me
'Til somebody shove me I'm the sickest nigga healthy
There's nothing you can tell me
Dice don't sell me
These hoes want to nail me
You niggas don't smell me
Can't stay up out of jail and he
Back and forth to court
Seen him in downtown Vallejo
He be: "Cousin you got a 'port?"
I said: "Brodie I don't smoke."
He said: "It's cool,"
Showed me a 40-cal torch
"Lil nigga you a fool."
Getting money be the sport
So we ball like Laveranues
Grown men clips yet
And bitches looking thirty-ish
Everybody clean but we do suckers the dirtiest
Nice with the flow everything I spit is courteous
But still I move mean like road rage
Give a nigga that gas, he need Rolaids
Magazine, homie, you could get a whole page
Stay up in a bad bitch's mouth like cocaine

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Turf Talk/Stressmatic]
Make a dope fiend my spokesman
Give him a bump of this (I'll take this shit)
Get him going, he'll be back and then he spendin' chips (Chill!)
Sucker repellent, stay far from me (Watch out nigga!)
You from that area that snitch from ? (New-ass nigga)
.357 stainless snub
If they fire it'll wake a nigga's game up
I got two P's of green (I need a buyer)
I need a coke connection (cause coke keep getting higher)
Back, forth and forth
Cookin' in the kitchen, pitchin' pitchin' off the porch
Milk like money, smell it through my new denim
Fake like my pockets got weights in 'em (Damn!)
They got me back on my mailman federal shit
We don't need your weed got ? gang for a pinch
I got crack dreams, man I'm gon' blow up!
Ain't no money why the lawyer gon' show up?

[Hook][Verse 1]
Prepared for the hatred
With my problem solver my patriot
Goon up and get tooned up
Dropped off erased it
Stay dedicated and faithful to my camp (what about yo camp?)
Try ??? my loved ones they get stamped
Stapled, removed
Soil tested and block approved
Really a good dude
But he can get trooped
From the school of hubbarocks some life savers up in the socks
Sprintin and runnin from the cops
The cherries, the sirens
The po-po penelope one time
The alphabet boy’s stilettos
The sophisticated dog trained attackers
The K9 Sheppards
In order to do some right you gotta do some wrong
Got hella shit goin on
The dusty, the dirty, the smirk (ugh)
I ain't paranoid I’m prepared
I ain't nervous
When you cookin birdies in the kitchen
Can't be slippin like a transmission
Gotta be on your peesin toes
It's hard to make an honest livin
When your kids ain't got no clothes

[Verse 2]
Playin the game how it was meant to be played
The way it's supposed to be
Money hungry and sany
Soil savy and grainy
Hard headed and mannish
Me and my Philippinos and Hispanics
Romanians and Asians, Samoans, Tongans and Caucasians
Not no California Bears
Not no California raisins
All of us is fools
All of us is patients
Ethiopians, Afghanis and Eritreans
Africans, Jamaicans and Indians
Ugh, ave animal
We some hood hysterians
You can tell by the way I carry it that I'm a block barbarian
A goon witta spoon, wrist game sick
Pay the neighbourhood chef to teach a nigga how to whip
A nigga how to whip
A fixture how to mix
Got it clock wise twistin it
Drop it off, deliver it
Never half step
Go for the juggler
Get yo money man
Don't be no couch potato hustler

[Verse 3]
Fella you're a silent dude
Your name just came up
Bro you gon' live a long time
We just talked you up
Wha-what was the subject
What about was the subject
Was it good or was it bad?
The subject was about how you make them suckaz back up like sea crab
Gotta raise the white flag
Too many drinks they had
Disrespecting the boss, that's how you got fucked off
You mean something
You somebody
You really stand for something
They got big ass M on they chest (for what?)
For nothing
You know my homie with the two-toned legs (what about him)
He thuggin
A couple of them niggas were off
They licked the sweaty balls
These hoes nowadays is dogs
Givin up them drawers
Do anything for the cash
Wipe the coochie off witta napkin and take a hooker bath
Ain't none of my niggers kept us
They gotta pay our mackin ass
We be slummin'em we be trapin'em
In the slow lane and the fast
Money hogs fame and kissin
Alcohol weed and bitches man we back da fuck in business[Talking: E-40]
My nigga you see that shit?
Nigga that bitch thicker than... peanut butter in the freezer
Nigga I'm try'na have that that bitch mane
Well put'chu bid than
Nigga that right that bitch right that's a bad bitch
That's a bad bitch

[Hook: E-40]
That's a bad bitch mane that's a bad bitch
Nah that's a bad bitch mane that's a bad bitch
That's a bad bitch mane that's a bad bitch
That's a bad bitch mane that's a bad bitch
I just want to dig her out
Blow her coochie and back out
Show her what I'm all about
Bust a nut all in her mouth

[Verse 1: E-40]
Is she handling? Yeah she handling
Ass like a southern country girl from Grambling
She got yams, she got cakes
I'm try'na get mines off and check face
I'm not a trick I don't treat
I talk slick I use my mouth piece
My name good in the streets girl I'm a beast
Concrete from my head to my feet
Fat boy but I'm good in the sheets
Scorpio you better know it I'm a freak
Now drop that captain and come and get with this
I'm serious as a heart problem girl I ain't laughing
I met this afro American mix Hispanic ho
Puerto Rican chick love to cook and fungo
Dunk so big you could play the bongos
Got a drum roll booty thick juicy and jumbo
Damn

[Hook:]

[Verse 2: Stressmatic]
I'm on the punk rock broad with a tat on her throat
She breaking down the swishers so I know that she smokes
She prolly does coke but I don't do coke
I'm old school babe like DiBiase on the ropes
Bitch I'm on like I'm so gone
Hoes tell they partnas TJ's the bomb
Bad ass bitch, tall and she's thick
When you're a rapper you can just pick
Look into they eyes that I fuck up they lives
All my lady friends are like the Basketball Wives
Pretty ass broads, nines and tens
I fuck her and all of her friends
Fresh out the store with some brand new gear
I just leave a couple shirts and tell the bitch I live here
Honest, I don't ever make a ho a promise
I'm signing off now, Thomas
Peace

[Hook:]

[Verse 3: Droop-E]
Droop-E, that bitch is a problem
Pretty face from heaven but she hot like lava
Halle Berry waist, ass like shining
And she don't play games (no) head like Rihanna
I do it for the sport pull up in that new Porsche
Hatin' cause I got more hoes than a golf course
Droop-E, this shit ain't new to me (negative)
Coonary, she love me jewelry
Take her to the loft get boss no cost
I'm a Bay nigga baby, get with it or get lost
I been driving her crazy we can go round four
From the bed to the shower to the bed to the flo'
She say she a good girl but she seem so bad
Wanna introduce me to her mom and dad
Should I get married and let her into my chest
So just leave her dressed her white like a wedding dress

[Hook:][E-40]
You know my.. my whole def-a-nation is to spit straight game
You dig that? (Straight game) I I come from the game baby y'know
I come from this motherfucker, you undersmell that?
Aya, and you know, it's like this nigga
Pimped-out all day you know Hillside Vallejo nigga
You undersmell me? Been speakin the real for many moons
My niggas in the 7-0-7 on down to Compton

I'm in my FUBU drawers, she in her gown
Cause if some cats tryin to have at me
I sick the canine in the background
I'm plannin on splittin my crown but it ain't gon' be too simple
See I'm a baller, I got bars around the window
Rottweilers, pits, aikietas, doberman pischers tanked up in the yard
With a sign on the fence that reads "warning: beware of dog!"
You play the frog if you feel froggish nigga leap
I neglect my dogs, starvin, sometimes they don't eat
Elroy speak to me about my triple-beam; officer, I got proof
Po'-po', that's for weighin nuts and fruits
Run with a whole bunch of rugged rowdy-ass knuckleheads, knahwhatImean?
Big nigga, the size of a football team
I wear these glasses so that I can look like a square
But if you ever see me in a fight with a bear
Don't help me nigga, help the bear!!
Me and my wales, we be coonin
But see you the type of the nigga that'll go in the backroom
And beep yo'self and act like yo' pager boomin

Yeah man, cause a real tycoon
Gon' take this shit from the flo' to the moon
Still Northstar ridin, six-oh strikin
Switch up V-S cherry chokin the wrist and the pinkie
But keep it loose around the neck and make sure hoes in check
So if you gon' fill a nigga cup, fill it up with paper
Cause we ballaholics bitch, ain't that quiet about this shit
If you're on it spend it like you mean it

Uhh, I'll have you
Ever since I was ankle low to a centipede's claw
I always wanted to play pro-baseball
Weepolization family, that's my favorite sport
But instead I'm back and forth to jail and in and out of court
BEOTCH! Serious about my rock shrine
I don't give a fuck how much courage juice you had
Nigga yo' mug don't mean like mine!
I bring the noise like a cymbal {*CRASH*}
I fuck with 40 dem, make you stick your pistol out the window
BEOTCH! Y'all oughta see me at the state fair
Showin off in front of my broad; tryin to win my lil' nieces
One of the biggest stuffed animal prizes there
Nicknamed Charlie but my street name is Earl
Ballaholic like Felix Mitchell nephew Lil' Darrell
I know these streets like the Task Force know dope
I am the streeets, my ghetto pass can't be revoked
Ten percent, I paid my tithes, forgive me for my sins
Smoke an ounce of weed a day, maybe that's why I ain't go no ends

You see, you niggas real truant mayne
Runnin around here puttin a black eye in the game
When we tryin to feed y'all somethin nutritional for the brain
And nourish yo' game
You see there's two type of niggas in this world:
Those that eat and those that don't
What type of nigga is you, you know?
You see we got the tycoon status
Big hogs, tryin to pile the money up out your trash
You dig?

You can call me Lawry's cause I'm seasoned
I eat crevice, but not when it's bleeding
Don't get me wrong, I love sex but I don't play that part
I love Virginia, but not when the Virginia's tart
Toss me good, and I might Dolce and Gabbana it
Gave yo' ass some bread, and let you go buy up some shit
Callin yourself takin advantage of my riches
I'm tryin to be nice to yo' ass
I normally talk bad about you bitches
Invested to "Tha Hall of Game" buggin and bein notorious
For slappin chickenheads upside they weave-a with my Nokia
Mayday mayday, callin all patrol cars and units
Be on the lookout for the Hillside managler, 40-Water the Ballaholic
I'D RATHER FLY THAN RIDE AMTRAK
When I'm in Dallas I fuck with (?), and go hard black
Make an opera singer wanna write some raps
Papered up - like who? Like a fax BEOTCH

I know you didn't say papered up like a fats
(Yeah I did, yeah I did) Yeah, cause we do this shit
Up off the ground on a pitcher's mound
Slidin, to the bad catcher, able to snatch ya
Bat yo' G out the pocket
Run it again with a nigga that's in the socket
And it ain't my problem, if the ho hollerin
We all about dollars, and collar-poppin

Nigga, BEOTCH!!!
Baller, let me explain to you, a ballaholic nigga
Undersmell this nigga
If you got your ve-hi-cle in your baby's momma's name
Nigga youse a ballaholic, nigga you undersmell me?
Please believe in a nigga
Ballaholic nigga, you undersmell me?
If you sittin on gold tennis shoe slippers nigga
You undersmell me? Youse a ballaholic
Don't ever get it twisted nigga, yeah
If you put ten thousand down on some je-wels nigga
Over at your house nigga in Frisco nigga
And go back and get it the next day, youse a ballaholic
You smell that nigga? Ballaholics nigga
Ballaholics fuck with Sic-Wid-It records nigga
Ballaholics listen to that mob shit nigga
We stick to the rules and regulations of this motherfuckin game
You undersmell that? Please believe it, bitch-ass niggas
IF YOUSE A BALLAHOLIC, nigga (scream it like you mean it)
Youse a baller, please believe that
That's what a ballaholic is nigga
We ball til we have it all you undersmell that?
Rick Rock, youse a ballaholic?
My nigga, my nigga D-Wiz a ballaholic
Don't ever get it twitted nigga
My nigga Kaveo in the motherfucker with me you undersmell that?
We some fools with it
My nigga Steve Garvey, (??), you undersmell that?
And that nigga Muggsy you know he's a fuckin ballaholic
Gold-tooth motherfuckin pretty boy Floyd ass nigga
I love you to death motherfucker, fuck ya though
Fuck ya fuck ya fuck ya I'm in this MOTHERFUCKER FOR LIFE!
V.. A.. L-L-H-O, L-I-C, it's me E-Feeze-E
L-I-C, it's me E-Feeze-E
BALLAHOLIC BEOTCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!![Turk]
Everyday, all day all we do is get our grind on
From sun up to sun down get our grind on
Tryna bust it wide open and build up my clank
Send a hit at these niggas so we could be the jank
You now how it is want everything for myself
Want every nigga scorin for me nobody else
I'mma dog it ain't not secret i want it all
Tha coke, dope, hoes and tha fancy cars
Tha game is cold but it's fair nigga
Can't trust no man cuz a nigga don't care nigga
Nigga will do anything just to be tha man wit all tha work
Kidnap yo wife and yo daughter erase you off tha earth
Them niggas cut throats this shit is real cuzen
Better know tha game cuz if you don't you get killed cuzen
Be ready to take a nigga to war behinds yours
Spark when it get dark and leave brains on the curve

[Turk](Hook)
Why you blockin us
Baller Blockin us
You niggas can keep tryin
Ain't no stoppin us

[Baby]
Niggas baller blockin so they lettin off shots
Tha feds came thru can't stop tha clock
Then why a nigga up tryna close my shop
Lovely came thru in a Bentley drop
Tha cadilac truck we painted then got hot
Still runnin thru them hallways tote'n a Glock
Word got around Curly tryna close my shop
Tha mail man down bad he can grab tha Glock
Tell tha stupid ho shut up she bouts to get popped
Tha cameras out and them lights is on
Them feds com'n thru and they gettin it on
So we duck and hide, supply and ride
Big party goin down wit Big Wood tonite
So we cocked tha Glocks
Cuz tha beef is rock
Niggas shootin out windows instead of head shots
Believe that playboy

(Hook)

[E-40]
Niggas be gold killin
(?) slippery like grease create y'all bin on a (?) scrilla
Call tha police on a young busta just tryna money mack on a million
You best respect tha game or get yo cap pilled in
Whoopin ass and takin names about my pay
Straight up out tha year 2000 Y2K
We ain't fit tha bearin fuck bamas, (?), (?)
How bout Atlanta you know
We ain't gotta smash pennies to make (?) no mo (Beyotch Beyotch)
See I just look like this
Project English left and plain
We use words like "It's All Gravy Tre"
I spit tha (?) from tha job
My nigga Baby and them law
Tha block controller just seen it all
From white to brown and yellow (Beyotch)
Pineapple y'all
Leaky brown color to baller blockin y'all
Wit baking soda (wit baking soda) ya smell
Ball to we have it all (ball to we have it all) ya dig
Ball to we have it all (ball to we have it all) ho

Hook

[Juvenile]
I know I need to stop but I'm solja so fuck it
Besides I'm responsible fo supplin tha public
My daddy got shot so I'm holdin it down
Outline, out of bounds puttin four in a clown
Bitch answer when I call make me know you got my change
Is it explodin in yo brain, do you think I'm playin games
See that's why lil niggas like u get murder over 'caine
Put yo self in a spot where u won't be working again
I ain't gone let yo partners from yo block confuse ya
You broke 'em off a package and they tryna misuse ya
Now tell 'em who got assed out you and me too huh
And Bubba want his money so I gotta kill you now
And all these muthafuckin laws tryna take mines
I ain't wit that bullshit two at tha same time
Fuck I might at well give tha dope game up
But Beatrice said he got a fresh package that came up

Hook[Produced by JHawk]

[Chorus]
All up n ya ear, rockin’ like bamboo
Rockin’ like, rockin’ like, bamboo (X2)
Bam bam bamboo (X8)

[Verse 1]
Ughhh, the beat is excruciating
You're liable to find me up in an old school on Zeniths or Daytons
Scooting and skating, beating and quaking, waking up the ave
With a yellow bone the same complexion as a cab
Money on my agenda ever since I came out the placenta
Blowing and puffing on this indica
I’m a movie, I’m a cinema, motion picture go figure. 7 figure nigaa
Just because I rap, don’t think I won’t squeeze the trigga’
Not a barber but I pack an extra clippa’
Put you in your place
Send a couple of crash dummy, open up your face
I’m addicted to this fast money rushing like a race
Fuckin’ around with the baking soda not that toothpaste
Imma do it till its doomsday, till the day I’m sentenced
In the meantime in between time, speakin' money into existence
Speakin' money into existence, talking it up
Man you gone live a long time, that’s what’s up

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Ugghh
First off, we the opposite of soft
We love to get twisted like fingers crossed
We stay smoking like bad exhaust
Raculini?, Zucchini, aviation, vegetation
Broken English, distinguish E40’s translation
Protection my weapon of choice, magical
Walther ppq m2, tactical
I like guns with bolt action, like mossberg
So intruders, they’ll get what they deserve
Everybody in my platoon in a tycoon for sure
Trips to Jamaica, vacation buy up the top floor
I got ears, I be spitting a minute? bitch. Wordsmith got a cold sales pitch
I can sell paper to a tree, water to the sea, snow to Tahoe, chips to Bellagio
Fuckin Halle Berry’s on my bucket list, I’ll stick my tongue in her pussy lips

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Waking’ em up, waking’ em up
Waking’ em up, waking’ em up
Waking’ em up, waking’ em up
All up in their ear like, bamboo
Bamboo(bamboo) Bamboo(bamboo)
Bamboo(bamboo) Bamboo(bamboo)
Bamboo(bamboo) Bamboo(bamboo)
Bamboo(bamboo) Bamboo(bamboo)
Bitch