[Intro]
Yo, let me take you to the tribe real quick

[Verse 1]
I'm from that small city called Panorama
Where them vato's roam and they blast they hammers
Never had no sense, so I'm bad with manners
Who'd have thought I'd be living life in the flashing cameras?
Got bitches on my nuts like pubics (Ooh)
Niggas could never figure me out like Rubik's (Cubes)
I be bullying everybody like I'm Brutus! (Who?)
So don't underestimate me, I do this, truest
I'm calm and ill but still drop bombs, I kill
You know the deal, with my godly skills
You wanna jog the field in my shoes? That's a lot to fill
It won't happen, you cannot be real
Man, there's so many rappers that wanna catch my fade
So many bitches that wanna snatch my brain
I'll probably end up on the news dead, bullet in the head
Mama in the street yelling "That's my baby!"
You want me to keep it to a minimal with the syllables?
I think you should get up off my genitals
Every nigga identical when they spit a flow, this shit is critical
I'mma have to get rough and get all my sentinels
Nigga, what you be sipping on? I'm guessing your pen is broke
Is it difficult for you to get better? You're so despicable
Cause your shit is boo-boo, your bars are predictable
I do not bump it, it's hard to get into you
Please admit it, man, the voyage is radical
Mind is set to just destroy, I'm an animal
Killing shit, man, I'm a poisonous antidote
I be on it, man, ya boy's international
Yeah, I'm mad with rhymes
Been doing this since '99, I'm a mastermind
Homie, it's 2015, and all my niggas gon' kill it
When they finish the job, the other half is mine

[Refrain]
Fool, you ain't on that real shit
I live here, you on a field trip
I'm made of shit you ain't built with
You a bitch, yo girl need a real dick
It's no doubt, niggas gon' feel this
You don't scare niggas, not even a little bit
I serve you, you get the bill quick
Crown me, I'm a real prince

[Hook]
Give me that crown boy! (give it!), I said "Give me that shit!"
Give me that crown boy! (c'mon!), I said "Give me that shit!"
Give me that crown boy! (give it!), I said "Give me that shit!"
Give me that crown boy! (c'mon!), give me that shit!

[Verse 2]
The rap game's mine, I revolve it 'round me, I think I have lost it
And my mind's exhausted, I'm nauseous from the process
Of hopping on stage and trying to dive in moshpits
Nigga, why you focused on diamonds?
These Cubic Zirconia's all up in my ear
Over jewelry, I don't get excited
My perception in life is "Why the fuck am I here, nigga?"
I've been this way since your ass has been sucking on titties
Since niggas cocked back, and start busting on Fifty
Since J-Lo was mobbing in public with Diddy
Since Biggie and Pac got shot up, it's a pity
That's bullshit you're talking, I'm not in the mood, bro
Continue yapping, you'll see Hopsin is brutal
Keep pushing me, you gon' get dropped with some Judo
You fanning out like you want cock in yo culo
Niggas only in it for money and bitches
I don't even think they wanna rap no more
But they wanna be all over the television
Rocking feminine shit, tryna act homo
Old bi-ass niggas can't bypass niggas
"I can't change even if I tried"-ass niggas
Tight jeans on so they show your ass-ass niggas
In the pool with the homie, trying to splash-ass niggas
Fruity as Mike and Ike, you'll get diced to rice
When I arrive I pull up like "Hi! Surprise!"
It might be wise to hide when the nightly skies are high
Fucking with an 8, no life for Pi
Tell me, what position would the game be in
Without me having the ability to rape the pen?
Pound Syndrome, this is it, I'm weighing in
I still hate ya'll niggas and I can't pretend

[Refrain]
Fool, you ain't on that real shit
I live here, you on a field trip
I'm made of shit you ain't built with
You a bitch, yo girl need a real dick
It's no doubt, niggas gon' feel this
You don't scare niggas, not even a little bit
I serve you, you get the bill quick
Crown me, I'm a real prince

[Hook]
Give me that crown boy! (give it!), I said "Give me that shit!"
Give me that crown boy! (c'mon!), I said "Give me that shit!"
Give me that crown boy! (give it!), I said "Give me that shit!"
Give me that crown boy! (c'mon!), give me that shit![Produced By: Hopsin]

[Hook]
It's us, find power
Live life, mind power
It's us, find power
Live life, mind power

[Verse]
Yo, fuck anybody I might alarm
Life is a tour, I sit and ride along
Taking some notes and then I write the song
I’m staring down the road my life has gone
Is this where I belong?
Is it wrong to not believe in right and wrong?
My mental state is fucking me up
And I cry the pond while asking you for some answers
But we don’t have that type of bond
That my desires gone with the way that I’ve been living lately
If I died right now, you’d turn the fire on
Sick of this bullshit, niggas call me a sellout
Cause I hopped on Christianity so strongly then I fell out
Now I’m avoiding questions like a scared dog with his tail down
Feeling so damn humiliated because they looking at me like I’m hellbound
What story should I tell now? I’ll just expose the truth
I'm so close to the fucking edge, I should be close to you
But who the fuck are You? You never showed the proof
And I’m only fucking human yo, what am I supposed to do?
There’s way too many different religions with vivid descriptions
Begging all fucking men and women to listen
I can’t even beat my dick without getting convicted
These ain’t wicked decisions, I got different intentions
I've been itching to get it, I’ve been given assistance
But the whole fucking system is twisted
Now I’m dealing with this backlash because Marcus isn't a Christian
And I’ve been told that my sinful life is an addiction
But I can’t buy it, it’s just too hard to stand beside it
I need an answer and humans can’t provide it
I look at the Earth and Sun and I can tell a genius man designed it
It’s truly mind blowing, I can’t deny it
Is heaven real? Is it fake? Is it really how I fantasize it?
Where’s the Holy Ghost at? How long it take Man to find it?
My mind’s a nonstop tape playing and I can’t rewind it
You gave me a Bible and expect me not to analyze it?
I’m frustrated and you provoked it
I’m not reading that motherfucking book because a human wrote it
I have a fucking brain, you should know it
You gave it to me to think to avoid every useless moment
It was a mission that I had to abort
Cause humans be lying, we're such an inaccurate source
It’s gon’ be hard to put me back on the course
Next Jehovah’s Witness to come on my porch
I swear I’m slammin’ the door
A lot of folks believe it though, but I’m not surprised
Humans are fucking dumb, still thinking that Pac’s alive
I ain’t trying to take your legacy and torch it down
I’m just saying: I ain’t heard shit from the horse’s mouth
Just sheep always telling stories of older guys
Who were notarized by you when you finally vocalized
Now I’m supposed to bow my head and close my eyes
And somehow let the Holy Ghost arise
Sounds like a fucking Poltergeist
Show yourself and then boom it's done
Every rumor’s gone, I no longer doubt this shit, you’re the One
I’ll admit that my sinful ways was stupid fun
And all my old habits can hop on top of a roof to plunge
I’ll donate to a charity that could use the funds
Fuck the club, instead of bitches I’d hang with a group of nuns
And everyone that I ran into would know what I came to do
I wouldn't take a step unless it was in the name of You
I hate the fact that I have to believe
You haven’t been chatting with me like you did Adam and Eve
And I ain’t seen no fucking talking snake unravel from trees
With an apple to eat, that shit never happens to me
I don’t know if you do or don’t exist, it is driving me crazy
Send your condolences, this is me reaching to you so don’t forget
If hell is truly your pit of fire and I get thrown in it
I’mma probably regret the fact that I ever wrote this shit
My gut feeling says it’s all fake
I hate to say it but fuck it, shit I done lost faith
This isn’t a small phase, my perspective’s all changed
My thoughts just keep picking shit apart all day
And in my mind I make perfect sense
If you aren’t real then all my prayers aren’t worth a cent
That would mean that I could just make up what my purpose is
And I could just sit in church and say “fuck” in the services
Man what if Jesus was a facade?
Then that would mean the government’s god
I feel like they’ve been brainwashing us with a lot
So much that we don’t even notice that we’re stuck in the box
Man everything is “what if?”, why is it always “what if?”
Planet Earth “what if?”, the universe “what if?”
My sacrifice “what if!”, my afterlife “what if!”
Every fucking thing that deals with you is fucking suspect
I’m fucking done, I’m fucking done
This is my fucking life and I’m living it, I’m having fun
If you really care for me, prove that I need to live carefully
But I’ll be damned if I put my own pleasure aside for an afterlife that isn’t even guaranteed
We are you, and you’re us, stop playing games
My life’s all I got, and heaven is all in my brain
And when I feel I am in hell, my ideas are what get me through pain
Do as you please, and I’ll just do me
I’m a human, I’ll stay in my lane
Ill mind

[Hook][Verse 1]
Man I hate rap, but if the shoe fits, wear it
I've become a freak of nature all the kids stare at
Who walk around bumping RAW with the shit blaring
Saying "fuck school" and dropping out like a miscarriage
I'm embarrassed and I'm ashamed I played a part in this devilish game
Making your common sense perish, but I ain't taking the full blame
Cause most of you chumps running around here ain't never had strict parents
All of your brain cells rotting from weed
You feeling like if you ain't got it, life's not as complete
You having sex with every-motherfuckin'-body you see
With a past so dark that Satan'd jump out of his seat
But still you out in these streets thinking you hot as can be
Without the knowledge to lead so you just follow the sheep
Making sure your lame swag is all polished and clean
While your favorite rapper's like "Yeah, he got it from me"
You been brainwashed by a fake life that you're used to livin'
When I say the word "fun", what do you envision?
Probably drinking and smoking out with your crew
And chilling with clueless women you trying to bang, bumping New Edition
Is that all you think life really is
Well if so, then you're a fucking idiot
I honestly feel like grabbing your head and hitting it
Matter of fact, you don't even deserve a brain; GIMME IT!
Do you even have any goals
Aside from bagging these hoes and packing a bowl
Well let me guess- No
You're only in school because your parents make you go
When all you do is play beer pong and hang out with your bros
Yo, society's got you living for a whack cause
You're a fucking adult with no skills at all
You don't read any books or play ball
You don't draw, you literally do nothing at all
Still you fiend for the glamorous fruits
You don't have cause you idolize rappers that do
And all they say is "I got money and it's stacked to the roof"
And now you think that it's gon' magically just happen to you
How? Your lazy ass don't commit to labor
You pick something up, try it out, and put it down two minutes later
Then you complain about your life cause it ain't getting catered
Now whoever tries to call you on your bullshit's a hater
You wanna succeed, you have to try
Or one day you'll get older and regret it all cause you can't provide
Your friends are lowlifes, don't act surprised
Look, just cut the bad fruit off of the tree, make the sacrifice

[Verse 2]
Girls, stop acting like you want a guy with traits like Romeo
Bitch that's a fucking lie
You always talk about how every man's fake
And you can't take it and you want something real
Shut up tramp, save it
Twice a week you put on your makeup and damn bracelets
And head to the club half-naked with your ass shaking
Pulling a lowlife nigga who claim he cash making
Till you let him hit and find out he work at the gas station
One of them niggas got you pregnant and you can't raise it
But you caused it, your actions made a fat statement
You want Romeo, then act patient
And stop fronting like he in the club posted in the back waitin'
It's the club, where guys put on a new persona
After they get loaded with a few coronas
They always shouting and wild out with habits that very few condone of
Then they look for beautiful brainless bitches like you to bone 'em
Then when they leave you, you cry and cry
Talking 'bout, "Oh my god I can't find a guy
I've spent so many years and I've tried and tried
Why am I even on Earth? I should die"
You want Romeo, you're not worthy
You're cock-thirsty
You're nasty and probably got herpes
Sometimes the secret to finding is to stop searching
Try a new formula, cause your last one's not working

[Verse 3]
The term "real nigga"'s publicly used
And I need to know what it means, cause I'm fucking confused
Are you one for always busting your tool
With nothing to lose and something to prove to homies up in your crew
Is it because you're selling drugs to get loot
And brag about how you done been shot and stabbed
Like it's fun to be you
But your life's a struggle, right, and you just hustling through
Nah, you hamster ass nigga, you just stuck in a loop
Man, why do black people gotta be the only ones who can't evolve
Cause you in the streets acting like a neanderthal
It's clear you can't stand the law, you're lost as an abandoned dog
And all you're interested in is fighting, rapping, and basketball
I can't even fuck with you, cause if we out in public
You gon' get caught stealing some shit and get my ass in trouble, too
You'll get old and be nothing
Living life in these streets, thugging and starting shit with anybody mean mugging
Look at you, a real nigga, thinking your life's cool
Girls used to turn me down for guys who were like you
Till you grab their heart and shove a spearhead right through
Then they regret it because it wasn't the right move
Your real nigga talk seems bogus
A real nigga don't brag about being real as long as he knows it
And his future doesn't seem hopeless
A real nigga stays out of jail, handles shit, and he keeps focused

[Verse 4]
To all you rappers whose soul is out in the wrong
You inspired the issue I wrote about in this song
You go to prowl on the young who roam around in the slums
See this is what happens when rap's overcrowded with bums
Hope the hour's long when I'm rolling out with your tongue
The man above is my guide, you know the power is strong
All you menacing freaks are only in it for cheese
And the mass control limit was breached - fuck hip-hop
They only in it for cheese, and any eyewitness can see
They purposely making the innocent weak
My existence on this planet's for you, I ain't only here to benefit me
Yo, we need to make a change while there's still time
It is hard, and sometimes I struggle trying to reveal mine
I can guide you if you feel blind
I just need you to be willing to journey into my ill mind[Intro]
I see you (psst, hahaha over here)
Looking at me
Looking at me, so I ask

[Hook]
Am I a psycho?
Am I a psycho?
Yeah, I’m a psycho
I guess I’m a psycho

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
You’re crazy
I like you, but you’re crazy
My tours paid me, so I used that dough to allure ladies
To manure bathe me
Never that, my mind's for sure shady
Pure Hades, Rev X Steady couldn’t endure to save me
Why did I let this stripper burn me on my arm with a cigarette
In the same spot 10 times in a row when I felt that burn
I palm the clitoris, I'mma get her wet
Sorry to get carried away, I feel stupid cause I ain’t did her yet
Maybe she never let a fine nigga stare at her breasts
I get vexed so N9ne bit her neck
Open! I try to contain it but that dame thang’s soaking
Alter ego say "Why you let them gang bang folk in?"
Strange Lane hoping I can maintain coping
But ain’t nobody talking when the insane mane spoken
I like fire on my skin, blood on my draws
From up on her walls, I’m suffering, I’m stuck in her claws
Stuffed in her jaws, huffing and puffing, hollering, I'm a dog
Afterwards, I like really hot scalding water on my balls

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Hopsin]
Mom? Dad? I’m no longer the boy you're used to seeing
I’ve changed a lot, plus I’ve grown to hate every human being
My mood swings have now turned my dreams into gruesome scenes
Now I’m doing things I don’t normally do when illusion seems
To be the only pleasures I can gain
Heck, if I was sane I would've put down the mic and said, "Fuck it, I'll never rise to fame"
But with the wicked wreckage I contain, I could probably jeopardize your name
No lovey-dovey let’s ignite the flame. If you’re lucky you'll survive the pain
Sorry that ain't very merry to say. Why is this game so scary to play?
Well let me think, cause every day my balls are getting too hairy to shave
Pause a minute, I'm stressing again. If I go to hell then heaven's to blame
I don’t mean to come off crazy but you motherfuckas seem to think I’m hella deranged
When I was seven years old, I fell on my head and I severed my brain
If you think I’m lying then ask my mama nigga she'll go tell you the same
Should I be ashamed? No, I’m living my life so ghetto fabulous
Before you get bent out of shape, my nigga, let me ask you this

[Hook]

[Verse 3: B.o.B]
I stab you with this mic and rap this verse I'm rapping to you
Matter of fact, I’m rapping through you
Never say my motherfucking name unless you absolutely have to
I am not no fucking jacket with no matching shoes
And you are not no fashion guru
Can’t even see you niggas, y'all wish I was rapping to you
Matter of fact, act like I'm rapping to you
If that gives you passion to use this as an excuse
Then just jump up out of conclusion that I'm attacking you dudes
It's just like old fashion voodoo
Y'all ain’t even the shit, no, y'all ain’t even the doodoo
I got more flavor on the tissue paper under my two boots
So I’m slapping you fools with wooden paddles you stupid
Babysitting little bastards like little afternoon children
You can call me psychotic but it’s more like schizophrenic
And I can't sleep can anyone tell me just where my medicine is?
Guess I gotta show these minors just what my avenue is
Man, I swear I'm all about my brain like graduate students
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings
I see your tears, come here, give me your face, let me clear it
But I wonder how it would look if I were to peel it back with a skillet
Then I'mma feel it crack when I hit it
Then I'mma split it back when you heal it
Dammit Bobby boy, What in the hell? What in the heaven? What in the Earth?
Where is your mom? What are you, cursed? Where are you from?
Where was your birth? Where was you first? Why weren’t you in church?
Why is there dirt, all on your shirt?
Man I think that you’re going berserk

[Hook x2][Intro]
You think you original? You ain't original
You were programmed to be you
You're a slave and you don't even know it
The shit you think of ain't even your thoughts
Let's step out the box for a minute

[Verse 1]
How do we know if God exists?
How do we know what's positive?
Are you the definition of an angel or the opposite?
If you lost your wallet and I found it, I would not commit to stealing it
But if the tables turned, then you would pocket it
See I been me for so long, but I still don't know who Hopsin is
How come I'm the one my teachers used to have a problem with?
I show my music to different labels, they ain't too fond of it
But in the underground I seem to get so many compliments
Say my name and it's like people get afraid and shook
But if you take a look you'll see I'm nothing like an angry crook
I'm learning hands-on, you busy with your face in books
I'm here to benefit the world so Heaven's where we're safely put
I'm not a devil, not speakin' in tongues
I just wanna touch your heart, I try to reach it in songs
I'm from where a child's future's on the streets with the bums
Because it's hard to become something so unique where I'm from

[Hook]
When the sun's down
Nocturnal rainbows soar in the air so high
It may seem so that I can't see
But the darkness provides the light for me
I don't wanna be lonely
And the moon is my only homie
If there's a higher power then show me
Instead of nocturnal rainbows

[Verse 2]
Obama's president, so? What's he represent?
Just because the nigga's half black don't mean he's Heaven-sent
You're clueless to evidence and all the minds he's messin' with
His charm and smile hasn't got my ass up out this debt for shit
Frontin' like he's truly Jesus
And all you fools believe it
The change he's making isn't good, that's just how you conceived it
It's like we all broker than ever, it's due to reasons
Dealing with self-beneficial plans and the movement he's with
Illuminati, or whatever the fuck they go by
They're the reason weird shit happens, and we don't know why
Why did Michael Jackson start his tour than have to go die?
How did rap music go from really good to so dry?
Real artists get shelved and wack one's get famous
To leave masses brainless, a smart mind is dangerous
In their eyes there probably ain't no real shit in your playlist
You're just a product of what the government has created

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
We're all smart and we know what's bad and good for us
But yet when you got offered some marijuana, you took a puff
Your brain's a fucking powerhouse, but what? That wasn't good enough?
It's people like you who talk that "shoulda, coulda, woulda" stuff
You probably threw your life away cuz you would rather get high
With no license or car, so you bum rides to get by
Saying "I should've did this" or "I shouldn't have hung with this guy"
"I'm broke as fuck, my rent's high. Ah, I should've realized"
I ain't being cruel, with these situations that I address
I more than likely could be someone you admire, yes
But it's because the blood, sweat and all the time that I invest
We play the same game, difference is you never try your best
You don't have a skill, you set yourself up for a higher mess
I work around the clock, you slack off for lots of time to rest
Keep bullshittin' till your life is gone
Cause living's naturally hell, you have to work to put a smile on

[Hook][Produced by Hopsin]

[Hopsin]
Check it, I used to be the goofy man you hounded
The Special Ed kid at lunchtime the bitches wouldn't stand around with
I would jack off so much back at my parents' house
And now my dick has a permanent imprint of my hand around it
Life was lame, I had to pay money to fuck a whore
I couldn't pull a damn anorexic bitch in a tug o' war
But then I made enough money for me to fund a tour
Now the ladies show me the goodies under their wonderbra
I'm going door to door, with foreign swords
Causing more than war slaying rappers, commercial or horrorcore
So hold your head cause I'mma torture yours, leaving morbid sores
I promise you it will be hard to ignore the gore
Hip hop's dead, and I'm the lucky savior
I'm kinda mad and I don't wanna pile up the anger
All these no-flow, gimmicky ass fired up behaviors
With wack beats and gap teeth like Tyler the Creator
Motherfucker, you not dope
So you tryna get some attention by cussing and eating a fucking cockroach?
And Goblin? You get no props on it
It sucks so much I get blowjobs from it
I been told you niggas, "I'm real!"
If you wack and no one's confronted you on your bullshit, then I will
Hate on me, but you can't deny skill
I crush all the momentum that you guys build with my eyes sealed
You faggots got me cussing
And only reason you probably buzzing
Is cause you slave as an Illuminati puppet
Y'all really on one, beat it, you're gone, done
You think real niggas feeling your shit? C'mon son!
I'm the illest and that's fo' shizzle
My flow sizzles, yo boy Hop go hard like some cold nipples
You niggas are making it so simple
My swag makes the ladies wave like fat stomachs with bold ripples
I know you niggas wish you could prevent it
Cause I get buck like my Kool Aid's got way too much sugar in it
You better run like I'm booger flicking
Homie I've been good at rapping, now I'm tryna get gooder with it
So I'mma just go beast, and bring that West coast heat
Cause I'll be damned if you flex on me
The radio is filled with garbage over techno beats
And all these songs about cash are what we just don't need
Yo, nobody care about how much money you stack
I murder everything I touch, buddy, move back
Got enough guts to sew trash and bust up your fluke act
And leave your fans saying, "How the fuck does he do that?"
My ranking is vicious, you thinking it isn't?
Come pay me a visit if you feel that you may be offended
Baby I'm wicked, crazy and sick and with the face of a nimwit
I be calling out names, but I ain't taking attendance
Some bitch was like,

["Some Bitch" (Hopsin)]
"Hop, you got me crying
Cause you said I could call you while you out on tour
Shit and I be trying, I even text you, but you not replying
So when your new shit finally drop, that's one album I will not be buying
What, You're too Hollywood? And you don't even have two minutes?
Ever since you got your buzz, you don't know how bad you tripping
You went to that ho's house last night and you said that you didn't
I seen your pic on Facebook, the skank bitch done tagged you in it"

[Hopsin]
I got put on with the beastie flow
Now the sluts, they wanna bone when they see me, whoa!
So I must, I take 'em home, let the wee wee grow
Then I bust from different strokes like the TV show
See when I be coming through kicking it raw, niggas like, "Gee, he's dope"
If there's anyone throwing dirt at my name then you know he be toast
For all of you rappers who bringing me drama, homie please be ghost
The only reason I'm being aggressive is cause we need hope

[Hopsin Groupie (Hopsin)]
"Hey yo Hopsin, I fucking love you, cause you supply the best rhymes
Since your flow is kinda strange, you should sign with Tech N9ne
You design erect lines, who am I to just lie?
Every single night I play your music right at bedtime
And usually I'm not into dark dick
I wanna do something freaky enough to win your heart with"
I say, "What you wanna do?" She say, "It's simple, Marcus
I wanna blow it before you put it in like a Nintendo cartridge"

[Hopsin]
Bitch, I'm hotter than a UV ray
Hotter than the thought of Nicki Minaj naked, making her booty shake
Hot enough to pull up to your show and steal your groupie date
Hot enough to melt the ice cream that's on Gucci's face
And now you having hot flashes
All the shit that you ever wanted in one MC, Hop has it
Don't rap if you do not practice
I cockblock wack shit, now get ready for Knock Madness[Verse 1]
I erupt like a bomb, so give up the baton
I'll slap you after bustin' a fuckin' nut in my palm
Why you muggin' me like something was wrong?
Just take a puff of the bong
And let me leave your mind corrupt from the song
See you can't stop me, cuz I'mma brainwash teens
And create false dreams cuz it pays﻿ off clean
I'm just an idiotic, ironic, symbolic, Illuminati product
That's gonna be killed if I talk about it (shhh)
This industry business is all screwed up
I have no favorite rappers because all you suck!
I sever the weakest niggas who not on my pedigree
Cuz on a tombstone is as hard as their name will ever be
I'm judged by my wild image a lot
And everybody seems to think I have a sinister plot
I do! Be offended by every sentence I jot
I got some militant thoughts, and you ain't killin' 'em off!
So listen

[Hook]
I sag my pants until my ass shows
I even slap hoes (Bitch)
Yeah, I'm an asshole
Yeah, yeah
And your parents hate me 'cuz I love you (So?)
Tell 'em I said "Fuck you!"
Yeah I said "Fuck You!"
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 2]
I snuck in Drake's house when he was alone inside
You can say I have a bogus mind
I dimmed the lights down and closed the blinds
Around his neck is where my rope was tied
I yanked on it 'till it broke his spine (Yeah!)
Lately I been fucking pissed off (Why?)
'Cuz everybody sayin' Lil Wayne spits raw
I'll start a big brawl, and slam his ass into a brick wall
And have a fat nigga sit on him, Rick Ross (Boss!)
I don't play with this rap shit
I got no life, I stay in the attic
Fuck a rap career, I'm waiting to smash it
Soulja Boy you﻿got a corny flow
So you can suck my fucking dick through a glory hole
I'm just being me, what you tryna hate for?
All you niggas is faker than Lupe Fiasco claiming he skateboards
Yeah right, that nigga can't even ollie
Push him away on the dolly, not even Satan can stop me!
What?

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I'm probably the sickest motherfucker who don't get recognized
Eazy-E's wife's life somewhere now jeopardized
She signed me and I was set aside
For like 3 and a half years, I don't think I remember why
I'm fucking dope and this is my reward?
That's wacker than the 500 dollars you signed me for!
Eazy's dead now, yeah the label's finally yours
Too bad he never knew that you were just a grimy whore!
You can't maintain what Eric built
I know he's in his grave turning like a ferris wheel
Don't think you cool just cuz you inherit mills
Bitch bare the skills
I'm Hopsin, I spit shit so unfair and real
I got some deep, dark issues within
All because you lied and tried to pretend you a friend
Fuck Ruthless! Bitch, I'll never lend you a hand!
And I'mma make sure nobody ever sign with you again!
You know why?

[Hook][Verse:]
Yo, I stepped in the backroom so I can wile out some
You know that I'm ill, I ain't just thinkin out loud bruh
Call me King Hop, the one you need to bow down to
I keep em' popping up just like the hair on Alfalfa
Yeah this nigga is raw, you ain't seen nobody spitting this hard
From the West Coast since Kendrick Lamar
You MCs with predictable bars
Who thinking you invincible just might get kicked in your jaw
Somebody hit the alarm, the world is 'bout to hear my flow roar
Got these other rappers sweating bricks and feeling so sore
Niggas like "Oh Lord, this guy Hopsin goes hard
Fuck Obama and Romney, he's the one we should vote for!"
So trash anything that ain't me cuz this is music
So cold you need a sweater when you listen to it
I'll be getting stupid and spitting fluent moving the gripping units while whipping through this industry cuz my shit is ruthless
Yeah this kid is foolish, ghetto with his pants saggin
Stopping me there ain't no chance at it, it just can't happen
I got fans stacking all across the globe all because the flow homie, even your mama hopped on the bandwagon
Cuz last year I had a great summer
You're mother made supper, and afterwords I got some brains from her
But she was clingy so I changed numbers
I left a sorry note under your bunk bed that she was banged under
Man it's a cold ass world but the core's hot
I don't follow rules at home, my ways are so unorthodox
One time I was in my room bored and found some porn to watch and
Dad caught me jacking off because I left the door unlocked
Fuck, my mind is all twisted
I spread peanut butter all across my balls and let my dog lick it
Remain calm snitches
I'm not supposed to be cussing in songs, so promise me you won't let my mom listen
Yo, all you rappers seem a bit fake
Man, I should "Human Centipede" both of your lips around my shit space
Snap your mixtape
Stab your rib cage
And take my skateboard and rub your face across the grip tape
I've been this sick for years and you're alive to witness it (Uh)
I puts it down like somebody caught me stealing it
I'm looking for a mil to get, crazy but I'm still legit
You can't avoid me now, I'm everywhere, you gotta deal with it

[Outro]
Yeah, Hopsin
Funk Volume 2013[Verse 1: Hopsin]
Welcome to the Ill Mind of Hopsin, where real life's an option
Ill lines that I spit make you realize you not sick
Science at its finest, tell Bill Nye to watch it
Now turn this shit the fuck up till you feel high and nauseous
Yo, check out this verse I wreck, I think I'm more curse the blessed
No one seems to know if my brain's the result of birth defects
I need a solution, pastors tell me that church is best
But they'll look at me devilish cause I'm how they interpret death
Everybody's always acting fake, rappers I hate be asking to collaborate
It's sad to say but it's the truth, that instead of trying to congratulate
They got they hands out like we playing a game of Patty Cake
But that ain't what I'm focused on
The day I step up in the lab with a sell out will be the day all hope is gone
The game's filled with a bunch of faggots who don't belong
Always claiming they real niggas but I ain't notice one

[Verse 2: Roscoe Dash]
Where the fuck'd he come from and why is he here?
Dressed in some dope shit your stylist probably would wear
Look like Egyptian hieroglyphics set shit off in his hair
And the message is no one in this day or time could compare
Practice makes perfect, I practiced my whole life
Far from perfect but my worst shit is lapping em all twice
But like I put the "I" in win, cause I did it my whole life
So your first place or second statistics are all hype
I'm all flight, no really, I'm all flight
I live in the sky and get higher than four kites
If your girl like my music, don't worry it's alright
The day we meet'll never happen, my hours are all night
I work hard, pay off, plus the evidence, nigga
All my pockets best friends with Dead Presidents, nigga
Right hook the whole world, throw your bell for these niggas
No wonder they kept a spot on double X L for a nigga

[Verse 3: Machine Gun Kelly]
When I come around, people smell trouble
I don't fuck with Photoshop, so holler at me when you wanna see a real jungle
The Eastside where fiends huddle
Outta towners come across them potholes stumbling, make their knees buckle
Street signs'll read struggle
Every couple months another shirt with R.I.P's and we love you's
Instead of leaving school my friends are leaving out in a duffel
I bleed hustle, why the fuck I need muscle, run tell them that
I'm going in like needles in war wounds
Kids at the dorm rooms, syringes and harpoons
Summertime hot couple months before June
And have star power while in the planet below moon
Now that's classic, and with all of this wackness
Crowd for providing this track here it's madness
Without a witch and some spells I made magic
Motherfucking monster, Lake Placid, Kells
Bring that shit back, bring that shit back, now bring that shit back
Lace up, uh
I'mma consider this class brother, now learn something
A pocket roll, a E-Z Wider, a filter, a little hash so I can burn something
Just to help you cope a little bit more
Cause round here tomorrow isn't for sure
And we coming up from mistake on the lake, double O
Bag it up, then we wake as we bake, Double O's
Burning up, then we making the cake, double stoves
Then I hop up out the bitch with hella bread like a dozen loaves
That's money, biatch!

[Verse 4: Future]
Coke Boys, something like Montana
With the bird gang like Santana
Real street nigga repping for Atlanta
Ain't dropped but I'm still in the Phantom
And I blow that money fast like a candle
Yeah, and I still got stamina
Let my lil homie do you on camera
Yeah we ain't nothing but some animals
Got a house and a condo in Miami
What you doing, what you do for the fucking Grammy
I do what it take for the paper chase
Freestyle, off the dome, whatever it take

[Verse 5: Danny Brown]
Ho, the only thing you gotta know
My dick's tucked around when I'm sitting on the flo'
You think I'm gon' fall off, got advice for you, homes
Fall asleep in your car, in the garage, with the engine on
Playing Ping Pong with your bitch jaws
You the type to have a sing-a-long in Superman drawers
I got a redhead ho, call it Molly Ringwald
She like to take a lot of Molly and bring Adderall
Sipping white wine til the sun set
Before it got dark, she already got naked
Then she start to neck it, then she got reckless
Rump shaker, Wreckx-N-Effect it
Bum stiggedy bum stiggedy bum, Das EFX shit
Left her bum sticky, fell asleep on the terrace
Me on the beat, that's a hate crime
With black ink, I murder white lines[Intro]
I see you (psst, hahaha over here)
Looking at me
Looking at me, so I ask

[Hook]
Am I a psycho?
Am I a psycho?
Yeah, I’m a psycho
I guess I’m a psycho

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
You’re crazy
I like you, but you’re crazy
My tours paid me, so I used that dough to allure ladies
To manure bathe me
Never that, my mind's for sure shady
Pure Hades, Rev X Steady couldn’t endure to save me
Why did I let this stripper burn me on my arm with a cigarette
In the same spot 10 times in a row when I felt that burn
I palm the clitoris, I'mma get her wet
Sorry to get carried away, I feel stupid cause I ain’t did her yet
Maybe she never let a fine nigga stare at her breasts
I get vexed so N9ne bit her neck
Open! I try to contain it but that dame thang’s soaking
Alter ego say "Why you let them gang bang folk in?"
Strange Lane hoping I can maintain coping
But ain’t nobody talking when the insane mane spoken
I like fire on my skin, blood on my draws
From up on her walls, I’m suffering, I’m stuck in her claws
Stuffed in her jaws, huffing and puffing, hollering, I'm a dog
Afterwards, I like really hot scalding water on my balls

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Hopsin]
Mom? Dad? I’m no longer the boy you're used to seeing
I’ve changed a lot, plus I’ve grown to hate every human being
My mood swings have now turned my dreams into gruesome scenes
Now I’m doing things I don’t normally do when illusion seems
To be the only pleasures I can gain
Heck, if I was sane I would've put down the mic and said, "Fuck it, I'll never rise to fame"
But with the wicked wreckage I contain, I could probably jeopardize your name
No lovey-dovey let’s ignite the flame. If you’re lucky you'll survive the pain
Sorry that ain't very merry to say. Why is this game so scary to play?
Well let me think, cause every day my balls are getting too hairy to shave
Pause a minute, I'm stressing again. If I go to hell then heaven's to blame
I don’t mean to come off crazy but you motherfuckas seem to think I’m hella deranged
When I was seven years old, I fell on my head and I severed my brain
If you think I’m lying then ask my mama nigga she'll go tell you the same
Should I be ashamed? No, I’m living my life so ghetto fabulous
Before you get bent out of shape, my nigga, let me ask you this

[Hook]

[Verse 3: B.o.B]
I stab you with this mic and rap this verse I'm rapping to you
Matter of fact, I’m rapping through you
Never say my motherfucking name unless you absolutely have to
I am not no fucking jacket with no matching shoes
And you are not no fashion guru
Can’t even see you niggas, y'all wish I was rapping to you
Matter of fact, act like I'm rapping to you
If that gives you passion to use this as an excuse
Then just jump up out of conclusion that I'm attacking you dudes
It's just like old fashion voodoo
Y'all ain’t even the shit, no, y'all ain’t even the doodoo
I got more flavor on the tissue paper under my two boots
So I’m slapping you fools with wooden paddles you stupid
Babysitting little bastards like little afternoon children
You can call me psychotic but it’s more like schizophrenic
And I can't sleep can anyone tell me just where my medicine is?
Guess I gotta show these minors just what my avenue is
Man, I swear I'm all about my brain like graduate students
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings
I see your tears, come here, give me your face, let me clear it
But I wonder how it would look if I were to peel it back with a skillet
Then I'mma feel it crack when I hit it
Then I'mma split it back when you heal it
Dammit Bobby boy, What in the hell? What in the heaven? What in the Earth?
Where is your mom? What are you, cursed? Where are you from?
Where was your birth? Where was you first? Why weren’t you in church?
Why is there dirt, all on your shirt?
Man I think that you’re going berserk

[Hook x2]Hey Marcus...
Uh, what's up?
Um, there's something I wanted to ask you...
Uh, what is it?
Will you do me a favor?
Oh no no no!

[Hook: Hopsin]

Marcus?
What?
Will you be my baby daddy
And be the one to always make me happy?
Oh hell no!
Will you watch sponge bob with him
And teach him how to make a crabby patty?
Oh hell no!
Even though I got stretch marks
Will you still be down to get nasty?
Oh hell no!
Shit, I'm mad enough to throws elbows!
Please?
No!
Please?
NO!

[Verse 1: Hopsin]
Hold up, throw me the mic
I got a flow to recite
You got a baby by a nigga that you don't even like
A broke nigga who thuggish
Always be talkin' rubbish
Steady be causing ruckus
All because you were sluttish
Jesus, I can't believe this, freak shit!
That's the same motherfucker that you had cheated on me with! (What?!)
I knew this would happen without a question
But you said
"I never have sex without protection"
Bitch please
You left me flowing down shits creek
You sex driven like a big freak
Plus our relationship has been breached
You took a big leap
And rumor has it you sucked his dick then kissed me
And now I'm suppose to be the father and the mental guide
Like sure I'll take care of the little guy
Shit, you ain't puttin' me through the stress
I put your baby in a pillow case and beat it to death, bitch

[Hook: Hopsin]

[Verse 2: Hopsin]
I'm far from a fuckin' life saver
Not your friendly neighbor
But yet you called me during your labor
It's not my issue, take me off the menu
I'm not the one who put the motherfucker in you
I'm not a mean guy
I hate to sound that foul
But I don't give a fuck about that child
You damn right
See you chose him, then he fucked you
Tag your it
Too bad his dick didn't have any insurance
You knew that he was just a lame nigga prior to it
Now your ass hittin' me up thinking I would do it
Hoping we gonna spark it off like some lighter fluid
That's kinda stupid
Face the facts bitch your life is ruined
Don't be callin me like "my life's a crazy blur
Rashad don't take care of the baby and makes me hurt
I wish me and you could go back to the way we were"
Shit we can
Just get rid of the baby first

[Hook: Hopsin]

[Bridge: Hopsin]
Now I won't be your baby's daddy, I'm not the one
But you can still give me some head and maybe swallow some cum
And if you want it, then I can deliver quite clean
But don't ever send the baby to find me

[Verse 3: Hopsin]
Yo
Do you remember when I told you I would love you forever
And broke up with my girlfriend Heather
Kicked her to the curb
And then I got with you
Thinkin' you were better
But found out you were a heart shredder
Yeah, I felt really stupid after that
Became the nigga that my crew was laughin' at
I was foolish, that's a fact
So this is karma
You've been on my shit list
So ha ha ha ha
That's what you get bitch

[Hook: Hopsin]

Hey that's life
You fuck me over
He fucked you
You got pregnant
Now you're fucked
You had me
You had me, that's the funny thing about it
And you blew it
Ha ha ha[Intro]
Uh, Hopsin. Yo, Check it

[Freeverse]
I've come to conclusion that life sucks
The only good that comes out of it is
Sticking my dick in nice butts
So if it's wetter than normal inside your wife's cunt
It’s my nut I busted inside her that hasn’t dried up (Yuck!)
I'm such a contradiction, I hang with Dizzy Wright
And all he does is smoke so when I'm breathing all the ganja gets in
Not to mention I'm condescending, my mind is missing
Plus I'm kinda sending the wrong signal
Oh god, I'm sickening
I'm not the one you wanna start shit with
I'm part animal, part dimwit
With bad manners like Bart Simpson
You Hollywood niggas who write songs
I'll give you a black eye
That's a good reason to put some ice on
I'm like a Jedi with the Obi-Wan bars
Lyrics are shocking just like a phony gun charge
My niggas we only fuck with the dopey blonde broads
We play em, and trade em like they were Pokemon cards
I excell in rap
It's cuz I been through fucking hell and back
You ain't close to dope
It's just that everybody else is wack
Niggas getting jealous tryna diss me, Scary!
I'm an animal, fuck a Mink coat
Bitch wear me!
Yo all you rappers quit your bitching
Just sit and listen I'm the new sick edition
Of Pac this is the demolition
I'm so tired of all the reminiscing
So I'mma leave these niggas shook
Like my dick when I finish pissing
(Yo you fucking nasty dog.)
Get off me!
I love Christ but guarantee
You wouldn't wanna cross me
I'm as frustrating as lost keys
My sick mind's a good example
Of what the crooked law breeds
I'm trying to die as the greatest rapper
Shit I'm so hungry I could stick my fist
In a blender and drink it after
You climbing up then I'm gonna break the ladder
And you'll fall off so damn hard
That every bone in your face will shatter
Fuck these niggas, I'm a racist bastard
You hear the devil speaking in tongues
On this song if you replay it backwards
Tell your sister I can't wait to smash her
But I heard that her pussy stinks
So make sure that she fucking takes a bath first
I come second to none
My verbal weapon is perpetuous, and it's just as effective as guns
You destined to plunge
Homie I find it pleasant and fun
Like having sex with a nun
(What the heck have ya done!?)
Whoa, I'm known to hate
I use foul language to motivate
I know I'm dope, okay
But Hop ain't real was just a role I play
Earth, I don't know this place
But I just wanna stroll away
Into my home in space
Wearing a pair of flying rollerblades

Ehhhhhh, fuck[Verse 1: Hopsin]
Yo, now everybody kept their mouth closed
Stayed on the down low
While you was blabbering all your bullshit rapping 'bout hoes
Now I'mma hit you with the foul flow
How so? I'll show
So niggas now know that my sounds dope
How low, can I go? Lower than you
I'm bouldering boos, your homework is due
You posers are doomed, got post at your room
We coming up quick to cause some misery, headaches and injuries
The minute we own the facility

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
Yo, it’s my turn to put it down for the team
With a glorious lean, stunting, when I walk on the scene
I might do a handstand, spin 1080 degrees
Whatever it be
Hop can you throw me a, G!
I'm focused, no adderall
Equipped with a bigger sack than Santa Clause
Yeah, I have to ball
You’re not a writer you’re a tag along, loner
Push me and I'll put you in a box
Leftovers! Bam

[Hook]
Ayo, We keep on listening to the same damn rookies (Point ‘em out!)
I hit 'em with the bang bang boogie
Ayo, We keep on listening to the same damn rookies (Point ‘em out!)
So I hit 'em with the bang bang boogie (Point ‘em out!)
They go! (Point ‘em out!) They go! (Point ’em out!)
They go! (Point ‘em out!) They go!
Ayo, We keep on listening to the same damn rookies (God damn!)
So I hit 'em with the
Chk! chk! Boom!(gunshot)

[Verse 3: SwizZz]
Ay, I'll pass bars but I didn't go to law school
You'll be long at home depot, you're all tools
I’ll break it down like the swishers in my console
Lick your drinking water, Imma smack you out that bar stool
Now everybody here, throw your hands up like a volunteer
Grab a hairy nigga by his fucking beard, shotgun a beer
Get up off the wall, See us at the top you’re at the bottom like bubble balls
Tell ‘em Hop

[Verse 4: Hopsin]
Yeah, you can tell I’m hot
When my new shit drop I should sell a lot
I’m always thinking some type of selfish plot
My flow is sharper than propellers on a helicop
Who wanna rumble with the egg that’s what the hell I thought
You dang pussies, get hit with the bang boogie, when you ain’t looking, and you be laying in pain shooking
With your brains gushing!
We love stirring up problems, we cause ‘em
Rappers we boss ‘em, it’s fucking awesome

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Hopsin]
When you rolling with the misfits proud, you getting hit with the click click blaow!
It’s a senseless style, nigga its just how
We get down where we come from!
Hit us up!
If you want some, w-with the dumb dumbs!
Shit about that 818 homie we going hard though
Only ones who repping the fucking valley who are dope
We the reasons the planet turns and the stars glow
It's FV welcome to our show!
SwizZz go!

[Verse 6: SwizZz]
Damn Hop! Watchu wanna rush a little nigga for
I know you don’t drink but I’m tryna finish Jack and Coke
The A1A is waiting patiently for us to blow
Cuz on the low we’ve been killing since 2004
(Hey!) F-U-N-K
(What else!) V-O-L-U-M-E
(Hey!) The people love it, (No doubt!)
So we keep it funky!
Here comes the thunder no Kevin Durant
The Bang Bang Boogie just might leave you right where you stand!

[Hook]

[SwizZz]
You know I hit ‘em with that chk! chk! boom!

[Hopsin]
Damn, homie you hit em with that chk! chk! boom!

Ayo, We keep on listening to the same damn rookies (God damn!)
So I hit 'em with the
Chk! chk! Boom!(gunshot)[Verse 1: Liquid Assassin]
This industry ain't ready for a nigga like me to get up in it and burn it down
Give me that cut like surgeon's now
I don't give a fuck like virgin's now
I just want my opportunity to kill a beat
When I murder tracks with verbs and nouns
Sixteens, I'm surging rounds
Bursting, lay a mothafuckin' serpent down
I got the energy to level my enemies
Dealin' with energy darker then anything
Mentally, ain't a remedy for testing me
Disrespecting me, effort is evidently
Not evident to me, for every speed
Tech can tell you we can't believe that you ever speak
Give me any beat cause I'm beastin' on anything
And I'm killing every record
I'm never neglected
I severe these records
I'm before second on everything
I go beastmode when I speak flows
C-4 heat blow when the beat go
C-notes's get low then I Deebo
Reload speeds cold when I freak shows
I be on that other shit
Creep slow (creep slow)
When I grind got the streets so

[Hook]
We ride, we roll
We fly, we know
We ride
Beastmode

[Verse 2: Hopsin]
You know who it is when I'm spitting this mad shit
Yo, it's Hopsin and Liquid Assassin
Finna get in yo ass
I got a verbal Tommy gun and I'm itching to blast it
Leave you stiff in the casket
I got tricks up my sleeve and different attractions
We can end up being buddies and maybe collaborate
Or we can end up with you gettin' your ass kicked
I'm reached up in yo bad bitch
Fuck her then pass her around to the niggas I rap with
I don't be giving a fuck
I crush on any whack ass nigga
I ain't givin' no chances
Tell me, do you wanna step to this
The West presents, the new lyrical exorcist
So don't expect nothing less then this
Cause I'm the best to spit
I'm number one, all the rest are shit
You can ask my mama
With most MC's, I got a bad persona
Nigga my ass is kinda roudy
I'm eatin' mothafucka's like a mad piranha
I bring pain like a sword
You better remember the name like it was yours
I was raised up to be shameless and of course
My flow is like a match just lit in front of your brain and I torch it[Verse 1]
I never had a lot of hope
I looked above and God had spoke
And said I'm only here because my daddy's fuckin' condom broke
Did I ever go to college? (Nope)
And even got no job for dough
I'm looked upon like I'm a joke
Cuz this the shit that I promote
The Ill Mind Of Hopsin!
Where real life's an option!
The ill lines that I spit make you realize you're not sick!
Science at its finest tell Bill Nye to watch it
Now turn this shit the fuck up till you feel high and nauseous
You fake thug rappers be frontin' like you was born with Glocks
But only time you ever bang is when the door is locked
Nigga with attitude just without the S curl
I break rappers like promises with my ex girl
I'm kinda strange
And I been this way since a young age
The biggest book I've read was less than one page
I've always had slump grades
Never use a condom like I want AIDS
A nutcase, I'll smash your fuckin' dreams like a pugs face

[Hook]
I'm a high school drop out
Still living at my moms house (My moms house) (Oh yeah!)
I talk shit and get knocked out
My life sucks and I'm not proud
Ohhh do you wanna be my friend
I would love to be your friend
Come on then
Do you wanna be my friend
I would love to be your friend
Come on then

[Verse 2]
My life's lame, I gotta pay money to fuck a whore
I couldn't pull a damn anorexic bitch in a tug of war
I'm sick of big headed niggas feeling above the lord
Somebody please give Soulja Boy the "You Suck" award!
Out of all the styles you just had to pick the wack shit
Hopsin won't attack you if you practice
You faggot little bastard
I never would have imagined this would happen
I should fuckin' power drive your ass into a cactus
Yo, the game's mine, go rule you own
I got a foolish zone
I'm a schitzo who carpools alone
Relax this is the music that I make for maniacs
Who can't adapt with the rest, now watch the chain react
The worlds cold, open your mouth and let me come inside
I diss the fuck outta rappers its cuz I wanna die
I never face my problems
Shit I always run from mine
I fucked my life up, now I'm tryin' to give your son a try

[Hook:]

[Verse 3]
Yo, I come from a land where the kids fail
It's a sick hell
So if you're frightened by my lyrics and looks bitch yell
Brainwashed, by Slim Shady and D12
Crooked, Ludacris, Missy Elliot, Big L
Well, y'all know Hopsin, but let me explain who Marcus is
I make inspiration for music for the retarded kids
Who suffer from Parkinson's
Whose bodies have parts missin'
Cuz in Special Ed you really don't know how hard it is
You know I've always been a know-it-all
I thought that when I'd grow up tall
I'd get pussy and not be using blow up dolls
I want more hoes
I can't control my hormones
I'm always watchin' pornos in the bedroom with my door closed
Whoa! Hey Hopsin!
Stop with the mental hacker games
You've already brainwashed our son, Alexander James
He's only half your age, and now he masturbates
His whole perspective on the things that really matter changed

[Hook][Intro]

[Verse 1]
It's like you turn me to a better man
The times that we spend together sometimes I just wish they'd never end
You make me want to settle in
Shit, I be thankful keeping our relationship with each other as just a friend
I'm complete now that you came along
You made me whole
Your spectacular beauty is 'bout as great as gold
This ain't a joke
You'll never know what you do to me
And Imma always be happy just as long as you cool with me
Forget those women that I used to like
I'm wanting you up in my life so baby lets make it you and I
We could find a place to chill
And I'd be lying to you if I said that I couldn't explain the way I feel
When you gave me your number it was a thrill
I'm just being real
You get me hyper, I think I need my pills
I wanna be the man that's taking you out
It don't seem like it, but you the woman I be thinking about

[Hook]
Girl I just wanna be with you I hope you never leave
Please don't go and pick another man instead of me
Cause your the woman I be thinking of
I be dreaming of
I just need your love (Oh girl)
I just wanna be with you I hope you never leave
Please don't go and pick another man instead of me
Cause your the woman I be thinking of
I be dreaming of
So be my girl

[Verse 2]
I feel some chemistry, all I can do is hope you feel it
I'm feeling your style more than before the more we kick it
So shorty dig it, you come one of a kind
And when I'm chilling up in my crib you just run through my mind
You the only girl that's up in my rhymes that's not being dissed
What could be better than receiving this?
A track made for you specifically
Not just so you could get with me
So you could understand how my feelings be
I act like nothings going on when you ride with me
But deep down inside it be eating the fuck outta me
And honestly, I just gotta be honest with you
I ain't been the same ever since I was caught up with you
Just let me know if I be bothering you
I leave from outta your life
Hop in my ride
Push, and be outta your sight
But my heart would probably blow up
Shit, but so what
I can't hide the fact that your the girl I like so much

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I'm finna explain the reason I'm liking you, so listen
Most women choose not to kick it with me but you was different
Now understand what I'm saying now
You even hang around me when your girlfriends ain't around
That's the type of stuff I think about
But I keep it inside
You ain't the kinda girl that'd just go use me for a ride
You do it cause I'm the person you feel like being with at that time
And I ain't even got a problem with it, that's fine
But I just want you to know
That I don't want you to go
And if you leave, I want you even more
But I'll probably be hurt worse
I feel like my life has hit the dirt
But that's just the way that the earth works
I wish I hadn't of wrote the first, second or third verses
To this song
And wish I was the first who was gone
I been trying this hard to keep it a secret
But you the only girl up in this world I wanna be with

[Hook] (x2)

[Outro][Verse 1]
Yo, I stepped in the backroom so I can wile out some
You know that I'm ill, I ain't just thinking out loud bruh
Call me King Hop, the one you need to bow down to
I keep em' popping up just like the hair on Alfalfa
Yeah this nigga is raw, you ain't seen nobody spitting this hard from the West Coast since Kendrick Lamar
You MCs with predictable bars who thinking you invincible just might get kicked in your jaw
Somebody hit the alarm
The world is 'bout to hear my flow roar
Got these other rappers sweating bricks and feeling so sore
Niggas like "Oh Lord, this guy Hopsin goes hard
Fuck Obama and Romney, he's the one we should vote for"
So trash anything that ain't me cuz this is music
So cold you need a sweater when you listen to it
I'll be getting stupid and spitting fluent moving the gripping units while whipping through this industry cuz my shit is ruthless
Yeah this kid is foolish, ghetto with his pants saggin
Stopping me there ain't no chance at it, it just can't happen
I got fans stacking all across the globe all because the flow homie, even your mama hopped on the bandwagon
Cuz last year I had a great summer
You're mother made supper, and afterwords I got some brains from her
But she was clingy so I changed numbers
I left a sorry note under your bunk bed that she was banged under
Man it's a cold ass world but the core's hot
I don't follow rules at home, my ways are so unorthodox
One time I was in my room bored and found some porn to watch and dad caught me jacking off because I left the door unlocked
Fuck, my mind is all twisted
I spread peanut butter all across my balls and let my dog lick it
Remain calm snitches
I'm not supposed to be cussing this song, so promise me you won't let my mom listen
Yo, all you rappers seem a bit fake
Man, I should "Human Centipede" both of your lips around my dick base
Snap your mixtape, stab your rib cage, and take my skateboard and rub your face across the grip tape
I've been this sick for years and you're alive to witness it
Uh, I puts it down like somebody caught me stealing it
I'm looking for a mil to get, crazy but I'm still legit
You can't avoid me now, I'm everywhere, you gotta deal with it

[Outro]
Yeah, Hopsin
Funk Volume 2013[Verse 1: Jaybird the Purdy Boi]
Never thought I'd be rappin' on the cypher, this a blessin'
Never thought I'd be rappin' for Premier, this cat's a legend
Never thought I'd get picked out the whole country by Khaled
To rap on BET, guess he saw me as the best man
619 to 858 to 760 I'm reppin'
San Diego to all you foreign, Daygo's what we call it
Shout out to all the haters watchin' this
Eat a plate of blue waffle disease
Drink some water with some AIDS mix
I got lines that Holly hookers wanna sniff
Flow is poetic justice, make Janet recite the lyrics I spit
Who hotter than me? You hotter than who?
All Eyez On Me, I'm way 2Pac-er than you
Man I murder beats for a living, I murder the competition
Celebrate it, dancin' like Serena at the olympics
Y'all put me on national TV, thinkin' I wouldn't show out?
Man I'mma take over like Jay-Z, I'mma rock out

[Verse 2: Hopsin]
Grab your Slurpee and popcorn, I'm bout to make it hot for 'em
They didn't even invite me to this shit, man I just walked on
If I didn't come, then every bit of hope for rap is all gone
I'm ill, in the past you thought I wasn't, but you thought wrong
"Hop I lost respect for you, I'm pissed and you just lost a fan
All you do is diss, I'll never bump your album "Raw" again"
If what I say gets on your last nerve, then holla man
But truth is, y'all can't touch me like Pac's hologram
Don't dare to try it if you scared of dyin'
I'm terrifyin', the real Boogie Man, who even got your parents hidin'
When you're sleeping, I'll find your window, and just stare inside it
I'm a animal, momma raised me inside a lair with lions
Prepare for violence, Funk Volume's an unfair alliance
We embarrass giants, and rip mic's till we get laryngitis
My wave's sitting like a sandstorm, and I know what you mad for
Cause I'm living my dream, and yours

[Verse 3: Schoolboy Q]
Dropped out of school and became richer
Retired from the pliers, kept balling like I'm a clipper
Black hoodies, black bitches and black Benzes
She know these chains fit, so now she want my forensics
Got love for my city, shout out to Kendrick
October 22nd, the album, so go and get it
Look, turn a good kid to wig city, I serve plenty
Shoot til the chamber and clip empty, that's real crippy
Have a shirt, and my knuckles smothered with hate powder
Die and go to hell, and have the devil getting higher
How ironic that we smoking fire, gangsta rap Messiah
Mid-20's but 20 racks an hour
Bucket hats and designer beans, the Bosselini
Young slimmy, your chance see me?, your chance skinny
(?) placed rappers get paid pennies
A million off of tour this year because of all this talk about Romney
Iffy, Puffy

[Verse 4: Mac Miller]
My flow is captivating, Magic Chick is watching this and masturbating
Basket cases, spitting in yo picnic, better pack a lunch
Chop 'em down, bag 'em up, Bill Murray, Daffy Duck
Yeah my squad the illest, y'all a little fishy, halibut
Chickens acting ratchet get split open with this hatchet
We the kids that causing racket with that automatic riot shit
Irises is violent, air balloon, we high as heck
Play the violin, fucking models wearing Iverson's
This my moment, don't blow it like my old chick
You the type to still tuck your shirt behind your phone clip
Whoa, and I think I might need a lawyer
Hov bout to have me killed for trying to talk to Rita Ora
I'm sorry that's just extra there
I'm going crazy like Clint Eastwood iat the empty chair
Keep your eyes peeled, running through a mine field
Even Lord Finesse will tell you I'm ill

[Verse 5: Mystikal]
Mystikal flex your style on em, transform and get wild on em
Growl at em, "Rah"
Trukfit nigga you a monster, you out the attic
Yeah scare a nigga, "Rah"
I sit your stupid ass down wherever on the side
Let a real nigga back in this bitch, get it live
Off of that performance, y'all might consider a different job
That ain't gon' cut it partna, at least you tried
How many niggas can't spell live cause they tired?
Some of them think that they the shit but they not
Move to the Shakers, make it happen when they pound
Hustles out to get it bustin', layin' on they side
Big Truck, Cash Money rapping Baboon
Ya auntie and ya momma know bout that (?) fool
Your grandpa and your grandma heard that (?) rule
White boys and white girls gon' buy that (?)[Intro: Nay Nay, Hopsin]
Yo Hopsin
Blame him
Blame me?
It’s Nay Nay, yeah
Someone tell these low down and dirty fuckers who Hopsin is
Someone tell these low down and dirty fuckers who Hop-Hop-Hop
Someone tell these low down and dirty fuckers who Hopsin is
R-A-W R-A-W nigga

[Verse 1: Hopsin]
I use to give a lot of fucks
Now I’m corrupted focused on how to get my dollars up
Showing these bitches riches so they can give my cock a suck
Without the money I’m nothing, they tell me I ain’t hot enough
That’s why I look and dress like I’m evil
Depressed like an emo, I guess I’m the sequel
Of what my old life used to be
Take a trip inside my mind and mother fucker you could see
The reason that I rap so violently
Product of my society, makin a living finally
By brainwashing your kids to be me
Scary contacts, fuck school ADHD
You went to college and I went to the basement
I made it at 21, you struggling at 28 bitch
Plus I got the mind of a two year old
How does it feel knowing I’m your kid’s new hero, yo

[Hook 1: Hopsin]
Shit I never went to college
Ain't nothin to it, Kanye West made me do it (Forever, Ever?)
I call my girlfriend a bitch
Ain't nothin to it, Slim Shady made me do it (haha)
I’m big pimpin’ your daughter
Ain't nothin to it, Jay-Z made me do it (The Roc!)
And if I rapped (What!) like a mother fucking maniac
Ain't nothin to it, DMX made me do it

[Verse 2: Nay Nay]
They all called me a disaster, cause I wanna be a rapper
But I'm an average white kid that they saw through, just like Casper
And a career like that is one that I should not chase after
Cause it would get me nowhere and I'd never reach that chapter
But I ignored all their warnings, Laughs, and corny jokes
I practiced late at night when they were sleeping just like normal folks
Cause I was on a mission that I'd reach all my nocturnal hopes
By going through these sleepless nights writing with my holy ghost
Then holy smokes, you would never guess what I had came across
A side of me that somehow disappeared with time that I had lost
Time that I spent fooling and never lost in thought
Well I found that part of me and what you hear is what I got
Now you may not be impressed too much from what I will present
But anything I say to you will not be something I resent
I speak the truth and never asked for all my compliments
But when I get them I just feel as if they're heaven sent

[Hook 2: Nay Nay]
I became a mental giant
Ain't nothin to it, Tech N9ne made me do it (Cha!)
I made you remember the name
Ain't nothin to it, Fort Minor made me do it (10 percent)
I don't stress about the world outside
Ain't nothin to it, 2 Pac made me do it (At thugs mansion)
I went psycho on this track like that
Ain't nothin to it, Hopsin made me do it (Hop, Hop)

[Outro: Nay Nay]
Someone tell these low down and dirty fuckers who Nay Nay is
Someone tell these low down and dirty fuckers who Nay-Nay-Nay
Someone tell these low down and dirty fuckers who Nay Nay is
R-A-W R-A-W Nay Nay[Intro]
In a world of mischief, we fiend for glory
The true satisfaction held within mankind lies in blood!

[Verse 1]
You don't wanna get ya head cracked?
When you see me coming through you better step back
I be crumpling all you niggas leaving you stuck up in the gutter with ya neck and your body ready to share that (blood)
I'm a beast in the night
Creepin' up on you to feast on your life
The demons inside
Are telling me to give you a reason to cry
And leave you to lie in (blood)

[Hook]
Now see, I got a strange urge
And I feel like creepin' up on a stranger
I want your blood
Blood (x4)
I want your blood
Blood (x4)
Give me your blood

[Verse 2]
You don't really wanna roam in the darkness (no)
You ain't ready for the pain and the harshness (no)
I'm zoning up to hop outside of my ride, at full speed, then swerve till the car flips (blood)
You dealin' with a maniac
See I know a couple of ways to scrap
I'mma raise the axe
Throw it at you while you're running away and when it hits, your brains will splat
So just face the facts
I'm a result of all the gangsta rap
I say shit, never take it back
I don't hate to brag
A true menace with a love of blood
You'll never get rid of my ways
What you think of that, huh? (blood)

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Beat niggas till they have concussions (woah)
Rape wives and then laugh at husbands (woah)
And if you down with the mass destruction (what)
Toast to it with a glass of blood then (blood)
Pray to God for a night to start
I'm a psycho nigga finna top the charts
Being shot with darts till it stops your heart
And chopped apart and thrown up in a shopping cart
And pushed off a cliff, there's no alternate
Ending that involved with this, it's your fault I'm pissed
You're gonna suffer the consequences
You can not prevent this shit, I promise it, come on (blood)
Pretty clear that my brain's not there
I be looking for it when I shave my hair
Black is the color that I paint my lair
And the way I break niggas everyday is not fair
It's all because of the rage I bare
See I'm down for whatever, just say "I dare"
My nut sack is the biggest so you niggas gonna have to murder me if you wanna take my pair (blood)

[Hook]

[Verse 4]
You don't like me? Tune it out
I'm livin' life on the foolish route
When I hit the kitchen, I butcher niggas until they drain slowly, but only when the moon is out
I get this way when my mood is down
Some even think that I'm rude and foul
Out of all the lovely children my mother gave birth to, I was the stupid child (blood)
Back in the day, when I was in elementary, I would chisel a pencil until it sharp as fuck
Leavin' the bullies laid out, on the playground
When they came round, yell "fuck" if you're raw as nuts, come on (fuck)
The sight of blood is so marvellous, stab a nigga in his stomach till you scar the gut
Hit 'em in the spine until you paralyze him and fill him with lighter fluid and go ahead and spark him up
And then abracadabra, am I missing brain cells? That doesn't matter
Makin' you scream makes me a happier rapper
You don't want trouble then your ass better back up
Fast little bastard (blood)
I was born as a natural hazard, I turn lives into massive disasters
Look over your shoulder when I'm in the area
You might get hit in the cranium with the back of a hammer (blood)

[Hook][Produced by: 6ix]


[Verse 1: Dizzy Wright]
Hit a nigga with a raw dog flow y'all
All 4 Down Nigga Bang Bang
East Side, West Side, North Town
Hold it down for my niggas trying to maintain
Coming from the bottom trying to make it out
He don't need help, he don't need a vouch
City of the sand, with a pin that bleed, is there a reason you believe me now?
I see a little nigga puttin' on, you've been warned
I could of sworn, I was born with a hoodie on
All black with an axe I ain't stopping 'til that little nigga put me on
Drop albums hot freestyles
So let me hit them with a little bit of Flipmode
Bust your head then bust your rhymes
You better cut the check or cut the line

[Hook: Dizzy Wright]
Coast to coast spending the most time on the road
You ain't 'bout that life
Independent living missing my fam in order to grow
You ain't bout that life
Becoming the coldest nigga out of every nigga that I know
You ain't 'bout that life
And I made my fans my foe's shaking hands romancing hoes
Let em' know x2

[Verse 2: Dizzy Wright]
Let's spark it up with that heart to heart
If we could talk it off and we would
Cause we gon' smoke it up and she gon' roll it up and she gon' show a nigga some love
All my buddies starting to get on drugs, I got high just to get on up
I left that just to get on track and now look who I get on tracks, you niggas ain't getting us
Fruit don't fall far from the tree though, we traveling city city
Which don't matter we had them that pretty kitty
On my platter that master of me and my spirit don't matter
I'm a mad man and I'm a medicate, elevate just to separate
You couldn't handle the highest, I'm rambling by
Scramble my egg's as I wake and bake, trying to be better than Hov
As good as Tech N9ne at every show, I'm losing my mind,
Let me define
Dizzy dizzy never better before
Hippy nigga drunk and trippy ain't tripping off niggas, I'm 50-50 with the bone
Busy nigga listen to Bizzy Bone, little Dizzy had to do it his own
What you mean fake niggas gonna come in clean, aye ho you wanna suck a King?
(Right)
Make a movie just to make the league
You ain't 'bout that life you ain't tryna taste the dreams huh? (not at all)
Tellin' the realest nigga that you feelin' it
Takin' my knee to his face and I'm drillin' it
'Til somebody admit that I been the illest in the buildin'

[Hook: Dizzy Wright] x2

[Verse 3: Hopsin]
Dizzy Wright man these niggas betta lay low
FV is the label, no they can't roll
Put your hands out reachin for the payroll
That'll get your face swole, bitch you ain't know?
Motherfuckers say I'm too hostile, I hit a nigga with a boom bop bow
Y'all thinking that I'm 2Pac child, you did it real big back in the day
You was the shit but nigga you not now, The Dark Vader of rap
Been grindin for years, now my paper is stacked (yup)
Haters is mad, they hang from my sack
Well I'm celebrating with some skaters that thrash
Fans sayin lately I'm spitting weak
Fuck you yo I been a beast, give me the mic yo I'm finna eat
MC's getting weak
When I be up in the booth cause I'm shitting heat, nigga literately
Motherfucker what you want now
Can't stop and I won't stop
I'll put a nigga in a dome lock
'Til he pass out, then throw him in the shed with the door lock
Bitch I'm on top
Rage and venom, was raised a villain
And it's gonna take a motherfucker 30 days to get him
Back on track, these niggas can't wait to kill him
Man take a look at how his own label did him
It's okay though, see I made dough
Yeah nigga I get it
I'm stacking pesos like they legos
That life I live it
If I had a fuck I wouldn't give it
You couldn't paint a picture more vivid
I'll turn a hard rapper into timid
They call a nigga Hop like its never gonna stop
FV til it's not my business

[Hook: Dizzy Wright] x2[Intro]
Lets Go

[Hook: 2x]
Break it down (down down down down…)
Gotta get up (get up), say what
Get up (get up), say what

[Verse 1]
Now may I kick a lil flow for y’all
That’s slow and raw
For niggas who thinking the west coast fell off
But first, I’d like to give a little toast to all
Who’s souls was lost up in the rap flows in all (gee)
Back to my original topic
Fuck the bullshit you should be getting with Hopsin
On that real rap shit man forget the imposters
Y’all destroyed hip hop (good) Mission accomplished
Now I’mma make them regret this shit
Bringing back all the elements
Making these fellas swell up
And tell them that fucking hell is hit
I got to focus though
And come down on all my zoning's yo
Because I’m prone to blow
And destroy all my lyric chromosomes
I told you folks that it’s over
So go and roll up your soldiers
And be up out this bitch like hocus pocus
I’m so ferocious I had the potion but no one noticed
And now I’m about to blow up even bigger than my nose is

[Hook: 2x]

[Verse 2]
I’d like to bust another verse if I may
The mess I made, make rappers want to catch my fade
I’m just not sane, all y’all affect my brain
So don’t be running up trying to put me in headlocks mayne
It’s like I pin em like a poster, get em and then roast em
When it comes to this verbal abuses, do not approach him
I toast em, bury them in an oasis
Then write a book on how I did it like OJ did (stupid stupid)
I’m that new nigga all the kids gonna look up to
With a middle finger in the sky screaming “Fuck school”
You don’t want your child bumping Hop? Nigga fuck you
Who’s a better dad? You or me? Let your son choose
Girl, why you acting so passionate?
You smiling at me like I was attracted to fat women
Shit, go dance your ass up in the cut with your big butt
Come to think about it, never mind I could use a nut

[Hook: 2x]

[Verse 3]
Still the same nigga, still using fruity loops
Play this shit up in the club, watch what her booty do
I ain’t got to fuck with all the high tech shit
I keep the kitchen grimy cooking up my next hit
I guess it’s how I was raised, and now I get paid
To go and write some bullshit a couple hours a day
I just pop a tune on and the music will move me
My message is deeper than this shit if you listen closely
Yo, I got a habit for smashing faggots
In fact I’m a dashing rapping savage
Assassin who has a passion
To just see 'em, read 'em, eat em
Beat em, flee em then feed em to muselina
I seem to be the most heated speaker
I’ll defeat your leader
Freak your diva then freaking leave her
Hopsin, he a demon
Y’all knowing he a beast (what!)
How the fuck am I supposed to act?
The west coast is back!

[Hook: 2x][Intro:]
Record Label Exec.:So? What can you do for our label Mr. Hopsin
Hopsin: Oh huh, well I got the bubblies
Record Label Exec.: The Bubblies?
Hopsin: Well, yeah

[Verse 1:]
Check it out
Yeah I'mma little out of it
I dont even really understand what the problem is
I think its because im the man wit the hottest shit
Satan offer going if I can I demolish it
Then people noticing that's why my name bubblin
They speak about Hop they like "Nah, you can't fuck wit him"
You ain't up wit him these niggas just ain't touchin him
You want him out the game distract to straight bustle him
I know its necessary because im ahead of every
Upcomin MC and they dont wanna be secondary
So they sendin these threat messages to me just to scare me
They see I'm very capable of bein legendary

[Hook:]
Theres somthin wrong wit me
I'm feelin kinda ill dont fuck wit me (Yeah)
I think I might have the bubblies
(I got the bubblies)
Oooh, Hes got the bubblies yeah
Bubblies (Yeah)
Yeah, bubblies (Yeah)
Yeah,bubblies (I got the bubblies)
He's got the bubblies

[Verse 2:]
Like a fat man wit diaherrea problems
Who been takin way too many bites of peach cobler
If I get in the game yup I probably will rob em
"Hes takin over the world we gotta freakin stop him!"
Listen up and listen good, only I can Stop me
I'm not gone stop me til my damn dick is iced and rocky
(Wow) And now you tryna defeat me, your styles sloppy
Then again if I was in yo shoes I would not be
Probably the same way, I'd run up on me and take fade
Then lie to the cops wit a straight face
Then right when you thinkin that shit is just perfect
Hop would take it outta some rappers who didn't deserve it Just to make me feel better, send threatens and kill letters
To every rapper who I think is droppin a ill record (Pow!)
I'm comin you dumb if you not runnin, im gunnin
OH! Whats up wit my stomach?

[Hook:]

[Bridge: 2x]
Excuse me sir wheres the restroom?
Excuse Me sir wheres the restroom?
I have to use the restroom (Find the way, nigga!)

[Verse 3:]
Ehh, MCs tryna roll on opponents
Just to boost up they career when they old and Corroded
I got plans dont be thinkin that your flow will decode it
It's my spotlight and I ain't lettin go of the moment
And if you really feel you've had it, You want the mic so bad Well motha fucka I suggest you come and snatch it! (Aaah)
Even if you did it wouldn't make a difference
Cuz the people you tryna attract ain't listenin
These bubbly wubblys suddenly buggin me
Stomach be rumblin mumblin when I have to confront MCs
It troubles me but the honeys be lovin me
Some will be fiesty, but in the end I'mma feel on her double Ds
I'mma have to end this dang song pretty soon
And I ain't sayin it just to be cool I really do
For real man, all my dang time is runnin out
Oh too late, its already comin out!

[Hook:]

[Outro:]
I've been waiting for this my whole life
Oh yes, the feelin is so right
Yeah, yeah, bubblies
Huh, hah, ooh thank God yeah
Bubblies, haha[Introduction/Hook]
Cali! (x8)
I'm from Californa, ey! (x8)

[Verse 1: Hopsin]
My name is Hopsin and best believe I'm on a paper chase
Since I was a little nigga I been repping 818
See I hit the barber shop so I could get a taper fade
And floss on these niggas who always sipping that hater-aide
I be on that loony shit some say I'm a Luna-tic
Cause I like big fat booty chicks, what type of girls do you be with
Sorry for my randomness, beats I use 'em like canvases
Then I paint on my picture like I'm a hoodlum Evangelist
(Where you from) Los Angeles! Best believe we scandalous
If niggas popping off at the mouth we leave em in bandages
Everyone's always assuming that when I'm not rapping I be on that average shit
Even when I be away from the mic I'm still pulling out devious magic tricks
(Whoa!) I'm from Cali baby!
(Yes!) Will I ever leave?
(No!) We got the remedy
(Yes!) Can you feel the breeze?
(No!) Well maybe you should change the place you reside and come to the west side we'll surely leave you revived

[Hook:]

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
My name is SwizZzle and yes indeed I need my paper straight since I was a little homie I been repping 818
I got to the mall and window shop cause I ain't got no cake pockets on E I can't even buy a Minute Maid
You know I smoke that OG though blowing O's and spitting flows if you broke like we been I can get you for the low dough homes
I'm sorry for my goofiness girls I'll take one that's bootyless then go before that treasure like I am one of the Goonie
Kids
(Where you from) Los Angeles!
Best believe we rambling if he ain't wearing shoes I guarantee we'll snatch his sandals then
Everyone's always assuming that they can live large and be good in the music biz
Give em a second to make a new record and now they producing the stupid shit
(Hey!) Now what it do
(Ho!) We on the west
(Yeah!) I get it in
(No!) You're not a threat
(Whoa!) Now we can do without all you posers I will not make a thing cause I'm from southern California

[Hook:]

[Verse 3] [Hopsin & SwizZz]
Let me out!
Let me in!
He can't do it
Yes he can
Fresher than some peppermint
If they ain't down then (F them them!)
I came here to wreck and save the state that the west is in
Excellent!
(Both) Stay up out our way that's what we recommend
Hopsin!
What SwizZz?
You know where I'm headed
Where?
To the beach I need your keys or I don't think I'm getting there
You can take my ride yo, but only if you (Drive slow)
Fuck that! I'm bending corners running from five-oh!
Don't do that, if you do that's gon' fuck up my life yo
Hop I thought you said you were insured by Survival! You be lying!
I know
Yo you kinda psycho!
I be enough to blow my fucking brain with a rifle
No you won't!
Yes I will!
C'mon dog let's be for real!
Why you think I'm playing? I'm telling you man this ain't a drill!
Well if you're going to do it just wait until your next verse and give us this minute so we can revive The West first!

[Hook:][Verse 1]
Yeah
Soon after I dropped raw, the spotlight creeped up
I received love from fans through out the world, yeah, seems nuts
Is it God, could it be luck?
I put my toes it the sand and ended up with my feet stuck
When the storm comes, then how should we address it?
My situation with Ruthless turned out to be a blessing
During the time it left every ounce of me affected
But when it was done I saw that I was bound to be a legend
But I'm lost
The fame drivin' me crazy, cry when I'm angry, the game's trying to change me
Sinister record labels got desires to paint me
As the world puts they fucking hands high to embrace me
How would you take it in?
I honestly can't pretend
The only reason I started rapping was to make a friend
And now I got fans who love me for creating sins
You think fame ain't got a dark side? Think again. Yo

[Hook]
Fame can make you insane! (It's so strange)
Everyday, I feel I'm caught in the rain
Only very few have walked in my shoes
I sit alone in my room feelin' so damn confused
Cause I don't know, who the hell I am

[Verse 2]
Yeah, scared I might never get a wife
Closer I move into the limelight shit is like
Girls just want to be next to me cause I rip the mic
Sayin' they love me, but the vibe I get isn't right
What if I flop when my album dropped
And went broke baby tell me would your love just stop?
See I'm in love with you, but you in love with Hop
The struggle's real, but through your eyes it's fun to watch
I swear to god I used to fiend for it
I see the fire but I keep going
I smell the sins from the breeze blowin'
My crew is telling me to beast mode it
I feel like I'm going to hell, I keep it up even my priest knows it
So many women and the money is great
But this life just isn't me and I don't want to be fake
I didn't think that it would come to this day
It's time I put my alter ego to the side and leave him stuck in his grave

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Shit, not anymore, my soul's rotten and sore
I hear a knock at the door, for real
I got a lot to endure, there ain't no stopping the storm
Homie the top isn't warm so chill
I think I need my light bulb fixed
As of lately I ain't be getting hyped on shit
Life's a journey, you gotta find your niche
I'm leaving this tight space because I don't fit
Now I'm moving away, my whole life I'mma start from scratch
As an artist I'm trapped
Fuck Hop, Marcus is back
For a while, it's gonna be hard to adapt
When I'm willing to go through it I ain't starving to rap
I'm soul searching, it's like I'm living with no purpose
I try to find a spark to spit but there's no urges
Inside of me for me to pursue it
Some people think that I'm stupid but don't judge if you ain't went through it
I'm out

[Hook](x3)[Verse 1]
His name is Jesse, we kicked it since we was little kids
Throughout his life there's a bunch of stuff that he shouldn't have did
He was cool but there's a lot of stuff he could have fixed
But addicted to drugs is what I had thought he couldn't get
Until he had started hanging around them other kids
Who showed him how to drink a Corona and puff a cig
And introduced him to weed with added supplements
So whenever he was feeling down he'd take a couple hits
It ain't really bother me cause it was nothing big yo
It only bothered me when he started to fuck with crystal
I'm sure he knew that doing it wasn't a smart move
He'd walk around with humongous pupils like cartoons
I tried to tell him his life's goals'll be ruined
But he just told me to "chill out", he knows what he's doing
And now I'm thinking hard if I should get hostile
And said fuck it
And watched him take it right up his nostril

[Hook]
Excuse me do you need a ride
Looks like you're going downtown
Yes, hop in my ride
Well hi I'm Chris Dolmeth
Chris Dolmeth
Hi I'm Chris Dolmeth
Chris Dolmeth, come ride with me

[Verse 2]
Eleventh grade where he's supposed to be
But he's in the ninth
He'd wake up for school feeling like it's the end of life
He'd hop off his bunk bed to go and sniff a line
A couple minutes later, now he's energized
He'd go to school and wide open's how he would get his eyelids
Then he'd get exited
Cause he finished his assignments
Now it's big surprises from the teachers when they find it
Jessy's doing all his work
Well shit aight then
I guess it wasn't that bad after all that he did meth
It made him actually do his work, and not cheat on tests
It boosted up his confidence, he felt like he's the best
He'd stay up all fucking night like he don't need to rest
Until he had none left
Now he's acting strange
He couldn't buy anymore, cause he didn't have the change
So he sold his x-box and his whole rack of games
I never thought that the crystal could make him act this way

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Jesse's sister walked inside of his room to get something out
Then she noticed Jessy on the bed foaming from his mouth
Now she's tearing up, scared as fuck
Oh he's done it now
So she picks up the phone gives 911 a dial
She tried to give him CPR, before the kid was lost
Then he had woke up and saw her on him and it pissed him off
All of sudden he went crazy just to fucking get her off
He threw her up against the wall so hard it made a picture fall
He can't really get a grip
She can't believe he did this shit
She kinda knew what made him flip
She yelled, it's drugs isn't it
And now the paramedics at the door
So she runs down to open it and they run up with all these antidotes
They tried to tackle him but he's too hard to handle though
They called for back-up
So the station sent another van to go
When they arrived he was spitting in their face and eyes
So they injected him until he had a stable mind
They told his sister that it's time for them to take a ride
You lucky that your brother made it
Cause he almost died
She went up to say bye but he must have dozed off
And I had barely pulled up when the truck drove off
From our apartment buildings, so I didn't see crap
And I ain't get to see him till he got out of rehab
Even when he got out he was still depressed
Until he heard a little tiny voice in his head that said

[Hook][Intro]
I can tell you’re a real cool girl
I mean it doesn’t take much to see it
And I know we’ve been talking for a while now
And I can kinda see that you’re starting to catch feelings
But I just wanna let you know
That I have very, very high expectations

[Verse 1]
I’m like Romeo, I’m looking for my Juliet
I’m known for trashing bitches I catch you slippin’ then you’ll be next
Let me find out you’ fascinated by y’all to jewelry sets
Cars and all that fancy type of shit you’ll be surely wrecked
I’ll never trust you, don’t run up asking why not
‘Cuz look bitch you got more fucking guy friends then I’ve got
Ya its true, we share a bond, you’re pretty and the hair is long
But I can get over you very quickly when your hair is gone
If I fall in love and find some dirt, I conceal it well
Then pop out the blue to make your life a living hell
Leaving my heart bruised really isn’t a smart move
‘Cuz that’s how you get your ass pushed out a moving car pool
I roll a half a mile when agony till your ribs sore
I won’t give a fuck ‘cause you’re all that I had to live for
Don’t try to date me if you plannin’ on creeping
I have a habit of cheatin’ getting some vaginal beatings, shit

[Hook]
And there are souls who cover up and choose to move further (further)
If I find that you fucking around I swear to God bitch you gon’ be murdered (murdered)
Do you wanna die tonight? Sometimes I don’t really know what’s up with you
But you already knowing that my love is true, been saving it up just for you

[Verse 2]
See I respect you, I expect respect likewise
I played the dumb guy once, I played the dumb guy twice
Nobody knows my strife, I never chose my life
There’s never no highlights in this twisted cold twilight
Ill be damned if you contribute stress to my worries
My hearts on its last limb, so it’s destined to hurt me
My last girlfriend screwed me and left in a hurry
And ignores all my phone calls just to disturb me
So be completely honest, is love what your focus is
Or should I pull my dick out right now and get it over with?
Is that what you want? Is that what you need?
Want me to pound your fucking ass till you bleed
The blast a few seeds, up in your coochie
Come on, you can’t bullshit a bullshitter
And bitches wonder why I rap like a cruel nigga
I need a woman who’s amazing that can do right
Until then I guess that ill be gazing at the moonlight

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
You probably think I’m buzzing, raw, angry and rugged
Aww maybe he’s thuggin’ but that’s how crazy my love is
I’m a dedicated romance brother whose been played
Way to many times now I’m resorting to switch blades
So if I say I love you, more than likely I mean it
Next time I write an agreement for stupid trifling reasons
To dare to fight and the screaming a better lifes what I’m seeking
How come bitches now-a-days never try to be decent?
I never even used to use the word bitch
And every chick I ever called it fucking deserved it, they earned it
I’m the type of guy your parents want you to marry
I ain’t no mother fucking mind freak that haunts you who’s scary
But when I’m getting fucked over, that all changes
I get dangerous, my mind turns oh so shameless
And my veins just, pop out my head I’m real anxious
To show you the true definition of what pain is, bitch

[Hook](x2)