[Produced by J Dilla & The Roots]

[Intro: Joey Bada$$]
One time, what's the word
What's the word, what's the word
Yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo
Turn me up on the headphones
Two times, twist the herb
Twist the herb, twist the herb
Yo yo yo yo yo, yo

[Verse 1: Joey Bada$$]
If looks could kill I let the swank drill like a deadly weapon
I drop bombs on an enemy at any second
Look at me wrong I turn you to tomb stones
Lock you in the crosshairs and you gone, then I throw my deuce up
Sip sangritas with your señorita, like me gusta
See what that early morning cock will do up to your rooster
I bet my cockiness will boost her confidence
Then  you gon' wonder where your highness went

[Refrain 1: Joey Bada$$ & BJ The Chicago Kid]
I bet she get low for a nigga like me
She get low for a nigga like me
I bet she get low for a nigga like me
Low for a nigga like me

[Verse 2: Joey Bada$$]
So we burn the mary jane til' the third degree
Some niggas bitin' flows yo, that's burglary
Same niggas actin' like they never heard of me
A fuck nigga could get clocked, yo that's word to me

[Refrain 2: Joey Bada$$ & BJ The Chicago Kid]
He get blown for a nigga like me
Get his head exposed for a nigga like me
Put him on the floor for a nigga like me

[Verse 3: Joey Bada$$]
My mind boggles when time toggles
In the ocean of stars it's hard to find goggles, we twisted up
So we put it in the air
Don't let the j's start unravelling
We gettin' blown like a javelin
She throw it back like she time travelin'
Rocked the boat so well, she jumped out and started paddling
I'm screaming "Land, ho!" 'bout to hit for sure
I motorboat it slow then I ripped the flow
I'm pretty sure-like nice beaches-that
Even at my weakest I still leave 'em speechless
How you like those peaches?
Find me rotting the apple
'Bout to bump so plump, 'bout to lock in the grapple
Feeling like the highest man about to tackle
Facts like the tat under the cap of the Snapple
Cats get decapitated for actin' a fool
Blacks get their ass sprayed just for makin' a move

[Refrain 3: Joey Bada$$ & BJ The Chicago Kid]
We get high and say "fuck the police"
That’s why we get high and say "fuck the police"
That’s why we get high and say "fuck the police"

[Verse 4: Joey Bada$$]
Cause every time I make a move they be sweatin' me
They want another black man in penitentiary
It's even hard for that man standing next to me
Cause he could catch a bullet that was really meant for me
It's like every step bring me close to destiny
And every breath I get closer to the death of me
I'm just tryna carry out my own legacy
But the place I call home ain't lettin' me

[Refrain 4: Joey Bada$$]
You can't get by if you don't respect an OG
You can't get by if you don't respect an OG
You can't get by if you don't respect an OG

[Verse 5: Joey Bada$$]
Cause every corner I turn a nigga testing me
And every morning I mourn just for the less of me
Sometimes I ask the Lord why he be blessing me
And not my brothers whose souls now rest in peace

[Refrain 5: Joey Bada$$ & BJ The Chicago Kid]
I pray there's hope for a nigga like me
Hope for a nigga like me
Just pray there's hope for a nigga like me

[Verse 6: Joey Bada$$]
I'm something like the chairman of the board, rantin'
I feel invincible like McMannon
One of the last original emcees that's left standing on the planet
Strike like a meteor, do remedial damage, damnit
Cats can't stand it, get they ass handed and branded
By the lyrical New York City bandit
True Warrior like Rembrandt
Yo some cats claim they fly but really been landed
I really can't stand it
Let me take a seat, this where Rosa Parks her bum, now
Make some room for me
PE in your beeper, hun you can read it and weep
My old hoes call me now, leave a message after the beep
I don't wanna speak no I don't wanna speak
I don't wanna speak no I don't wanna speak
I just wanna beat, girl, I just wanna beat
I just wanna be free

[Refrain 5][Produced by J Dilla]

[Intro]
Yeah
Doo-doo-doo, mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm
Doo-doo-d-doo, diggy-doo YO

[Verse 1]
I never knew a luh, luh-luh, a love like this
Gotta be something for me to write this
Queen, I ain't seen you in a minute
Wrote this letter, and finally decide to send it
Signed sealed delivered for us to grow together
Love has no limit, let's spend it slow forever
I know your heart is weathered by what studs did to you
I ain't gon' assault em cause I probably did it too
Because of you, feelings I handle with care
Some niggas recognize the light but they can't handle the glare
You know I ain't the type to walk around with matching shirts
If relationship is effort I will match your work
I want to be the one to make you happiest and hurt you the most
They say the end is near, it's important that we close
.. to the most, high
Regardless of what happen on him let's rely

[Hook]
There are times.. when you'll need someone
I will be by your side
There is a light, that shines
Special for you, and me

[Verse 2]
Yo, yo, check it
It's important, we communicate
And tune the fate of this union, to the right pitch
I never call you my bitch or even my boo
There's so much in a name and so much more in you
Few understand the union of woman and man
And sex and a tingle is where they assume that it land
But that's fly by night for you and the sky I write
For in these cold Chi night's moon, you my light
If heaven had a height, you would be that tall
Ghetto to coffee shop, through you I see that all
Let's stick to understanding and we won't fall
For better or worse times, I hope to me you call
So I pray every day more than anything
Friends will stay as we begin to lay
This foundation for a family - love ain't simple
Why can't it be anything worth having you work at annually
Granted we known each other for some time
It don't take a whole day to recognize sunshine

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Yeah.. yo, yo, check it
It's kind of fresh you listen to more than hip-hop
And I can catch you in the mix from beauty to thrift shop
Plus you shit pop when it's time to, thinking you fresh
Suggesting beats I should rhyme to
At times when I'm lost I try to find you
You know to give me space when it's time to
My heart's dictionary defines you, it's love and happiness
Truthfully it's hard trying to practice abstinence
The time we committed love it was real good
Had to be for me to arrive and it still feel good
I know the sex ain't gon' keep you, but as my equal
It's how I must treat you
As my reflection in light I'mma lead you
And whatever's right, I'mma feed you
Digga-da, digga-da, digga-da, digga-digga-da-da
Yo I tell you the rest when I see you, peace

[Hook]

[Outro]
(I'll) take my chances.. before they pass
.. pass me by, oh darling
You need to look at the other side
You'll agree[Hook]
How beautiful love can be
On the streets love is hard to see
It's a place I got to be
Loving you is loving me
How beautiful love can be
On the streets love is hard to see
Gotta reach that frequency
Loving you is loving me

[Verse 1]
Yeah, you know what love is
Even found it on the ground where the thugs live
My man had to dig deep to find his
Couldn't sleep cause on the real he had five kids
Live nig's, real niggas express and taste it
At crap games, black dames and big faces
Cases in court, fam' showing love and support
You and your baby's mom thought that love was a sport
As men we were taught to hold it in
That's why we don't know how 'til we're older men
If love is a place I'ma go again
At least now, now I know to go within
At times it can take ya for a spin
Heartbreak hotel then you're home again
I've seen love make a nigga soul pretend
Like a story that he don't want to end
Yo

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
It's all love where we come from
In the hood love we was told to run from
That same hood where the guns sung
We holla love, hoping it'd become one
Crack got so many lives undone
From lack of love many hide some run
I knew this girl with a son who dreamt of acting in plays
Demonstration with her man had her trapped in a maze
Trying to find herself again, much of that she'd have gave
Love can free us, to it some of us react as a slave
Funny, we love 'em more when they're relaxed in a grave
Wonder if a thug is raw, is he actin' afraid?
Everybody loves sun, why do I attract shade?
Heard of the love of money, but compassion it pays
Talk about it with my youth so she'd understand
What it is to be loved by a man

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Some say that I'm a dreamer cause I talk about it often
Seen the hardest nigga soften wit' his homie in a coffin
We walk and stand in, fall in it
With the right companion we all in it
Mary sang a song about it, having broad limits
In the game of life, it's the scrimmage
Reminiscing on letters I wrote in my small days
A letter to the people, love always
Yeah

[Hook][Produced by J Dilla]

[Intro]
Free Max B
Owww (owwwwwww)
Uh uh (uh uh) x3
It's like (it's like)

[Verse 1: Joey BADA$$]
Sometimes I feel alienated
Because I'm not up in the stadium playing or on the radio sayin'
"Fuck 'em broads we don't love 'em we degradin' 'em!"
But always find my self back at the bacchanalian
Blood vessels poppin' out my craniums
Niggas askin' when the tape gon' drop but I got nothin' to say to them
Because I been slacking the skill, although my passion is real
I'm too caught up catching a feel when I should be cashin' a mil
It's something bout me being younger that affected my hunger
Got older in number, realized I can't count on these hundreds
To determine my elation
Pursuit of happiness I keep pacin', these motherfuckas racist
These ain't fair races, they just let the fear erase us
Adopted by the slums, son of guns this is how they raised us
Yo son we gotta raise up, don't let them just array us
'Til we raisins in the sun
So we gotta wake up

[Hook: T'nah Apex]
Cause they always be behind in the cut
Always in the skies watchin' stars when they up
So don't you confide into the evil and corrupt
This is urgent, Apex on the vertex, tonight we're serving serpents

Cause they always be behind in the cut
Always in the skies watchin' stars when they up
So don't you confide into the evil and corrupt
This is urgent

[Verse 2: Joey BADA$$]
Got a whole bunch of shit up on my plate now
Thinkin' like in the man garden it's a snake now
Cause I don't know who to believe or who to deceive
Got me thinkin' I
Sold my soul and ain't received a receipt but I won't proceed to retreat
Jigga told me watch your throne seat
And now I sees it and in respect to BIG, I gotta Cease it
And I hope he see me cause these niggas don't want beef with my talents
They ain't fit for this green, they just caesar salad
You think because you avid they just gonna let you have it
It's a lot to learn and that my nigga need to ask us
It's the axis of the earth at the birth
I found a new balance
And now I walk on water just like I knew balance just like a relative
Marijuana sedatives got me thinkin' I should put a bomb right where the senate is
Cause they corruptin' the youth, we ain't inductin' the truth
Lookin' at the president like yo it must be nothin' to you

[Hook: T'nah Apex]

[Verse 3: Joey BADA$$]
I passed the dutch to the left and it started to make sense
It's funny how I see it more straight when I'm bent
You've been warned on the risk it takes to take to sit on top
Been on clock cause you could see that I been on watch
Shit don't stop, 'til you make the sacrifices
Trade in whats priceless to ices and devices
When the light switch I shift like I'm typin'
Livin' in the era where Christ is the crisis
The lifeless in the trance actin like yo mans
Bitch niggas only know that transactions is the plans
But the mic is in my hands so I valor the booth
The blacker the berry is the more sour the fruit
They ejectin' us to make us cowards to the power of truth
Became flowers from roots and now we just move in cahoots
I move from the stoop and put my foot right down on the asphalt
Every night I ask lord if this what I asked for

[Hook: T'nah Apex][Hook]
Can't keep running away (x4)

[Verse 1: Fat Lip]
I must admit on some occasions
I went out like a punk and a chump
Or a sucka or something to that effect
Respect I used to never get
Cause all I got was upset
When niggas used to be like
("What's up, fool?! Nigga, what's up?!")
And tried to sweat a nigga like the Lip
For no reason at all I can recall niggas throwing Cs in my face
Down the hall I'm kickin' it in the back of the school eating chicken at 3
Wondering, "Why is everybody always pickin' on me?
I tried to talk and tell them, chill, I did nothin' to deserve this
But when it didn't work, I wasn't scared, just real nervous and unprepared
To deal with scrappin' no doubt
My pappy never told me how to knock a nigga out
But now in '95 I must survive as a man on my own
Fuck around with Fatlip, yes, ya get blown
I'm not tryin' to show no macho is shown
But when it's on, if it's on, then it's on

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Slim Kid Tre]
One, two... so listen here...
There comes a time in every man's life
When he's gotta handle shit up on his own
Can't depend on friends to help you in a squeeze
Please, they got problems of their own
Down for the count on seven chickenshits don't get to heaven
Til they faced these fears in these fear zones
Used to get jacked back in high school, I played it cool
Just so some real shit won't get full blown bein' where I'm from
They let the smoke come quicker than an evil redneck
Could lynch a helpless colored figure and
As a victim I invented low-key
Till the keyhole itself got lower than me
So I stood up and let my free form form free
Said I'm gonna get some before they knockin' out me
I don't sweat it, I let the bullshit blow in the breeze
In other words, just debris

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Imani]
It's 1995
And now that I'm older, stress weighs on my shoulders
Heavy as boulders, but I told y'all
Until the day that I die I still
Will be a soldier and that's all I told ya
And that's all I showed ya
And all this calamity is rippin' my sanity
Can it be (that I'm a celebrity
Who's on the brink of insanity?)
Now don't be wishin' of switchin' any positions with me
Cause when you in my position, it ain't never easy
To do any type of maintainin'
Cause all this gamin' and famin' from entertainin'
Is hella strainin' (to the brain and)
But I can't keep runnin' I just gotta keep keen and cunnin'

[Hook]Don't talk
Here we really go
What I know about life?
Know about nothing, nothing
And what I wanna know about
Still  know about nothing, nothing


[Verse 1]
Here we really go
Roaming in the night with a a lot a bit of fright like ooh
Do you wanna really know about life
Do you really wanna know
I've been analyzing everything what I do  I don't even wanna show
My deepest cold, my deepest cold
I'm lost, I'm scared
I move so unprepared
My presence always there
But my mind can't take no stand , no
No I do not wanna see you anymore
No I need to be alone with no remorse
I just need you to leave and close the door
And don't let anybody in so I can feeling on my own

[Chorus]
I'm so damn selfish
But I know I can't help it
I'm so damn selfish
Ohh what I know about life
Still know about nothing, nothing
And what I wanna know about life
Still know about nothing, nothing
Wanna know about life
Still know about nothing, n-nothing
I wanna know about life
Still know about nothing, n-nothing
Nothing No No

[Verse 2]
Look at me right now
You tell me I'm your one
I'm scared as shit right now
I've been feeling insecure
I've been feeling open wounds
I just fell my life is ruined
Think I'd realised too soon
I don't like your new perfume
And I know you like my toons
I can't take your Golden shrooms
I will land up on that moon
On my own I know I'll bloom

[Chorus]
I'm so damn selfish
But I know I can't help it
I'm so damn selfish
Ohh what I know about life
Still know about nothing, nothing
And what I wanna know about life
Still know about nothing, nothing
Wanna know about life
Still know about nothing, n-nothing
I wanna know about life
Still know about nothing, n-nothing
Nothing No No

[Bridge]
Not a thing, no clue, what's even true
I've been questioning my life and things that I gotta do (uh)
Beautiful quest but I'm blessed but hella stressed 'coz
I've never been obsessed with seingfigures on a checks
But it's not I'm not against getting racked out
But everytime I see Dollar bill man I pass out
Coz J been building pyraminds and  this  shit is getting serious
What helicopter's flying in the sky getting curious oh
What the hell they doing with the weather
Frequency control they say they do it for the better
I don't trynna be corny
But people need a warn
The Mother Earth is deforming
Your mother Earth is ascending
People keep pretending  they feel like they remembering
You gotta species with amnesia
And half a billion people getting seizures from Rubbing on Mickey D's
Utterly disgusted
This is no assumption
Don't you know you function off whatever you've been munching
I'm really trusting myself and everyone in the world
Coz everyone is the world
Then everyone is a world within them
Why you think they call it the Universe
Maybe it's united something that we seperate from trying to define  it
Maybe from defining  we're killing all the beauty
And we're wasting all of our time and
I'm leaning for the vibing
The joy and celebration of the rhyming
When noone categorizes
Shining of any individual it's defining themselves

[Chorus]
I'm so damn selfless
But I know I can't help it
I'm so damn selfless
Ohh what I know about life /:(I don't thing I don't know a thing):/
And what I wanna know about life /:(I don't thing I don't know a thing):/
Wanna know about life /:(I don't thing I don't know a thing):/
I wanna know about life /:(I don't thing I don't know a thing):/[Hook]
To fall in love
With the things you do
Don't sell yourself
To fall in love
With those things you do

[Verse 1: Baatin]
Ladies loving my music is like some sex shit
Niggas trying to grip up my mic like it's a dick
Run around the corner to pick up the new shit
Toss this in the deck so niggas can catch rep
I'm the motherfucker gripping the mic like it's a joke
Niggas fall in love with the music like its a ho
Put down your mic you lost your whole flow
You take it too seriously like it's a gamble
Fuck this rap shit I listen to classical
In the studio loop as usual
Loving my lyrical
Fuck bitches that you would know
I'm out of this cause you wanna be below
Y'all niggas in love with the S
Y'all niggas in love with the S

[Hook]

[Verse 2: T3]
Yeah, JD man I see sometimes
I sit and wonder when I think about these written rhymes
How'd I get to the point constantly taking all my time?
Time I could of been spending gettin' cash, gettin' mine
Hoping one day it comes around
One day when I'm
The nigga gettin' money, gettin' cash, gettin' signed
Getting the fuck out the ghetto, cause I'm tired of crime
But it's a crime that I feel this fucking way sometimes
But sometimes I feel like this shit here's a waste of time
Yours and mine
To these niggas out here trying to rhyme
Your reason for it better sure 'nough be genuine
I do it because it gives me a sort of peace-of-mind
And for the love

[Hook]

Yo, one-two
Word up, ah one-two, SV, word up, word up, alright
Uh,uh,uh and to my nigga Jay-Dee uh, uh my nigga T-3 uh, oh
That nigga Baatin uh, uh, that's my crew
Yo, uh, oh this going out to my nigga Bust-a
And all my other motherfu-cka
What up to all you trying to bust, us
Trying to get down with us, cause we know you just mad as hell
Yo I'll give em the mic, ehhh! So niggas don't know that I am
T-3 on the mic
I do what I do what I like, to get down right tonight
(cause?) Cause I get down tonight, yo
Niggas try and put up a fight, wit us, yo alright

Some freestyle shit[Intro: Raekwon]
Yo, yo, Iron Chef, gracias
I need some of that, slide through the back
I need ya'll to come back to the, I heard juice
Back of the store over here, just be easy and tell ya man to be cool
We got some culinary cats right here, we need you we'll kill him if he fault

[Raekwon]
Aiyo, rappers steppin' to me, they want a brick son
But I'm the Chef, my price is twenty-six son
Move up, about thirty-two of those and open locker dough
Soldier got locked up, blow killed the doctor
Flamboyant police is X fives, watchin' my lofts
So many leeches I just left it and walked
My flow wicked, Miami money, movin' and ridicule
Geico on the arm froze, rose gold with me
Take baths with white women, lingerie see-through
Takin' trips to Iran, my Spanish nigga peoples
Sellin' drugs to Flatbush, call my nigga Cecil
Snub with the black gloves, on half-moon Greek do
Killed him in the Bahamas, his wife ran white van pulled up
They caught him out in Brooklyn with a white man
Slutted out, rosed out, sister was gone, she geekin'
She threw the rifle in her mouth and said good evenin'
Yup, Paul Wall grill line, be getting money, crime thief
I know her from Africa, pretty smile, nine teeth
Gold joints, frames only, Louis Vuitton, pony
Leather with the matching sweater on, you owe me

[Hook: Raekwon]
Knock the ash off the blunt, confront niggas who cunt
Swing an ax, tax niggas rhyme different from cats
Specialize in mic rippers, splashes
We the last skippers, big rocks and the block will stick

[Cappadonna]
Beefsteak Charlie niggas eat and they get fat
Chase heads up and down the block and kill rats
Skilled with the gats, even feds don't know where the shells at
The shell trapped up in nice crib with four packs
Four macs, caught a nice sale for four stacks
Yeah, me and my nigga Arafat
Gotta escape but we'll be right back, real soon
Chef cook it up, we got a date with real goons
Telling you Ghost, my connect crazy with the wet
Might know him used to talk to his sister named Yvette
I speed it up, me and the Linx, was getting weeded up
I beat it up, yeah I hit that, but I ain't seed it up
Meanwhile, back on the block, we seen two trucks
Then the windows rolled down, we see these two fucks
Soon as they jumped out, see these tools bust

[Hook]

[Ghostface Killah]
Yeah, yo, I lit a boogah up, rocks is gone, so we baggin' up all shape
Binoculars, scanners, we all listen to jake
Ran out of baggies, my mouth is dry
Got them dirty joints that scatter, don't act surprised
Nah, nigga the currency rushes like popping a wheelie
Holding a pipe with one hand, the other countin' the billies
You know how it be with the peppermint Clarks, throwing darts at a hoodrat
Getting slow neck up in The Bronx
That's all me, thirty four shines, forty four lines
I just chill like Aaron Hall, writin' raw rhymes
Like, threw Kool-Aid rubies in a lemonade bezzle
When I was twelve in the church, I started packin' that metal
A deuce-deuce, my supplier was Loose Bruce
Ever since I had the drop, my instinct was to shoot-shoot
This ain't For the Love of Ray J, it's for the love of the AK
Cuz you can get scratched like AJ
Cuban Link Dynasty has emerged, this rap shit stop
I have a team of niggas moving my furs

[Hook][JayDee]
You look and stare
I see you took it there
Wassup wit'chu?
Hey, wassup wit'chu?
What you gon' do? (gon' do)
You want me, don't you? (you want me, don't you)
I know you do (I know you do)
Yeah, I want you too (I want you too)
You wanna do me
I know it's me
Yeah, I know it's me
I hope it's me
See, when you noticed me (noticed me)
I noticed you (I noticed you)
Shoo, you say, "Whattup?" (You say, "Whattup?")
Whattup wit'chu? (Whattup wit'chu?)
The things you do, and who you do it to
Fuck what u do, I'm seein' you
I know it's good for you (Good for you)
It's just for you (It's just for you)
It's just for you (It's just for you)
It's just for you (It's just for you)
It's just for you
It's just for you
It's just for you

[T3]
Don't need a chick
To be my chick
If you gon' be my chick
Then be my chick
Don't talk no shhh (Talk no shhh)
Who you wit'? (Who you wit'?)
Oh, you wit' him? (Oh, you wit' him?)
Then pack your shhh (Then pack your shhh)
I guess it's meant
For us to split
It must be meant
For us to split
I'll be the man (I'll be the man)
To understand (To understand)
I'll understand (I'll understand)
I'll be the man (I'll be the man)
See, what you do
It's up to you
It's up to you
What you do
It's up to you (It's up to you)
It's up to you (It's up to you)
It's up to you (It's up to you)
It's up to you (It's up to you)
It's up to you
It's up to you
It's up to you

[Baatin]
Smile in my face to show me they nice
But behind my back, yo you be bringing the wack stuff
When you say {undecipherable} on some stuff
You be on my diznick
Do that dance trick
Nah, everything you do, you fall back
Girl you lack, cuz you be bringing the wack stuff
The fucking bitch is running his mouth
I ain't saying nothing, troop you making up
But you want my mmm...
And you want my mmm...
Girl, you want my mmm...
I want your clit
In a special way (A special way)
A special way (Special way)
A special way (Special way)
A special way (Special way)
A special way (repeat 8x's then fade out)[Produced by J Dilla]

All of y'all, is on our diiiiiiiiiicks
Stop ridiiiin, you might get penetrated
And I'd sho' hate it, if you end up impregnated

Well at least 4 out of 5 niggas in the place know whattup's or what
Be yellin peaceful cause I got the piece put up
In a box with the rock in the back of the, Lex it protects
I done told 'em that I'm usin my ex

Romancin the lady
Bitches come to take a chance on my meat
I see that you can't wait to get into my pants
Come and dance on my lap, all real we can get buck
Hoochies on the dance show

Sh-sh-sho' nuff, s-s-slow up, shut up
Shut the fuck and start workin me off
Bitch you pressin yo' luck, who says we're fuckin you up
Shh-shh-sluh, suh-slow the fuck up

We got that boom, bip, ni-gga don't slip
Talkin that punk shit, will definitely get yo' punk split
Your major malfunction, make me set trip
Now we dumpin, on yo' bitch, so don't ask me for nuttin

Aiyyo hold up a second fella, the Ela
After S is, cash collectin, you jealous
Cause we fly like some propellors, tell a
'nother other we hella, my niggas, well um

You can't be a bitch in this music shit
You got to put yo' dick in this music shit
My crew put the dick in on the ultimate
I guess you plays the bitch and we beez the pimp

Mr. Kitty Cat, head on the mat, show me where's it at
Knock-kneed pigeontoed, stone cold asshole
Put your mouth on my meat, just call me Rollo
You can't have me, I'm just too dope

Yo fuck the cop market, the Glock clockin
The dough sockin, the beat rockin, bitch knockin
Your rap mockin, woop woop, stop jockin
Your rap floppin, my whole crew is non-stoppin

I put it towards y'all a little somethin about the S
A little bit of fact that revolves, the five helluva elements and all
Visualizin fiver liver, saliva flyin
So the last of the real rap and also assimilizin the slack of slack rappers

Youse a bitch, I know what's in the mind of a bitch
Switch, throw yo' hands in the air and suck a dick
Bitch, I know what's in the mind of a bitch
That's why a nigga like you always suck a dick

Back to, what I sayin befo' we, anti-you
Steppin to meet we, yeah right then who
Wanna do this not a fair fight, true we
Do what we do just to, shed light on you and you and you...

You can open up yo' eyes and watch my crew do this
We got more feel than a clitoris
In yo' eyes I see a lot of deceitfulness
Bring your whole hood and still can't get with this

Y'all some hoes, butt-fucked to get enough
What the fuck, just a ho nigga that can't get it up

And we BLASTIN~! Fuckin up your whole crew
And laughin, cause me and mines is check cashin

On your back like my 22, hey boo how is that
Matter of fact I need to be smackin yo' ass for how you act

Aiyyo we pussy eatin, eatin pussy for a hobby
Marinatin, scoopin hoes in the lobby

Our job be, takin what other niggas got
It's the 5 to the V'n and we cold rocked the spot...
We cold rocked the spot... rocked the spot
And we cold rocked the spot...[Intro]
Executioner: Do you have anything to say?
Alfred Borden: ...Abracadabra

[Verse 1]
Wake up to your grave it's the reminder on the clock
And those fleeting bits of satisfaction, turn to afterthoughts
But if you say the magic word
You could call back all the birds
And see that fire in the sky, burn everything back to life
You don't have to sleep to dream and live in paradise
Abracadabra, are you watchin' closely?
Can you feel the dawn approaching?

[Break]
Jailer: [Mockingly] Why can't you undo real locks, Professor?
Alfred Borden: Maybe I'm just biding my time. Maybe one day I'll open my hand, get your attention, and ask... 'Are you watching closely?' Maybe a magic word or two. And then I'll be... gone
Jailer: [Laughing] How'd you get so famous anyway?
Alfred Borden: ...Magic

[Verse 2]
I overheard niggas saying Jay was on the verge
He could make Rumsfeld resign with rhymes he never heard
Commune with the birds
And can manipulate matter with the usage of words
Throwin' dice on the curb
I'm the best and the freshest with the written text, fuck what you heard
It's the, metaphysical, dolby digital
Any Joe'll tell you, the flow's so pivotal
Every word's literal
Each diatribe is sort of like an interview
Come get an inner view
Right past the man and the myth to the mineral
I was born uptown a mile from the river view
Look, I'm a simple man, ya understand?
Masterin' my temple man, tryin' to expand
But when they think you simple, man
They'll try to play you out like you a simpleton
See what I'm sayin'
Niggas want pain not mercy
I'm writin' in my Moleskine on the train to Canarsie
Stand clear of the closin' doors
The people are in constant fear of a Trojan War
The vehicle that's supposed to free us is just an whore
I gotta call 'em like I see 'em
Even if it means they'll sanction my per diem
The angels will thank me in the streets if I see 'em
Sayin', there he go but I wouldn't wanna be him
Holdin' up a three and reppin' for New Orleans
Let us begin[Common talking]
Yea,Yea,Yea
You know, they call me a pimp, and you know what that mean
I'm a Person that's Making Profit. See I pimp internationally
I'm nationally recognized, locally accepted
I pimp with the truth, that's the only method

[Common]
Seen her on Madison where Vice Lords be Travelin
And Chevy windows be rattlin
And badder than any other broads that I've seen in these parts
Her body language spoke like a smart remark, eyebrows arched
Thick lips, blond wig, nice tits, ass the size that I dig
Asked her the name, one way to approach her
See she had game, she needed me to coach her
Expose her to some paper, freedom and culture
The way a righteous pimp is supposed to

[MC Lyte]
As he came closer in his eyes I seen fortune
I ain't having it like abortion
Walking with this stick holding his tip
Looked like a Black Panther that was trying to pimp
It was cold as shit, I'm waitin on my ride
Act like I didn't see him I tried

[Common]
Motion denied (pause)
I felt the vibe like Roy Ayers
She was used to seeing pimps in furs and gators
Told her I'm an innovator, a gentlemen of leisure
That's in tuned with nature, hold Common's hand
I'm a take you to a pimps promise land
Where no man can break ya, break ya, break ya

Chorus: Bilal (singing)

Pimps, ho's, hustlers, plans, dealers
Customers, and bodies stuck in it, Oh my god
Pimps, ho's, hustlers, plans, dealers
Customers, and bodies stuck in it, Oh my god

[Common]
{hey girl, come on over here, check it out)
Make your next move your best move, choose me

[MC Lyte]
How I look working for a nigga in a kufi
If I was on a track you couldn't produce me
With them shits on your wrist looking goofy

[Common]
(yea ok)
I pimp without a pause, for the cause, I'm a rebel
You been on the streets I'm trying to take you to another level
You used to the same game, cats saying the same thang
Nigga you gone ho underground or ho mainstream

[MC Lyte]
Nigga you must not know of me
I'm the mack here
Ought to have you ho for me (Common: get real now)
Pimp yo punk ass
Have you write me poetry
I'm from a land called cash
You too slow for me

[Common]
You know why?
I'm thinking bigger than Bagets
Birds in slick cars
Or have you on the corner trickin in strip bars
If you become mine the world would be ours
Respect the game, and universal laws

[MC Lyte]
What, I oughta pimp slap your ass and make you fall against the wall
(Common: try it)
Why you in the game if you ain't even trying to ball
I know pimpin ain't easy but damn you barely surviving
We can't ride together cause you ain't driving
(Common: oh it's like that)

Chorus

[Common]
(this, this, this really how I look at it check it)
You and I together is like Ashford and Simpson
Picture us elbow to elbow at the hustler's convention

[MC Lyte]
Think I'm gone risk my ass then give you the cash (Common: yep)
That shit is the past
I got my own stable (Common: where at)
I oughta pierce your navel and put you on the track
Matter of fact I been looking for a ho that's abstract

[Common]
Girl you getting beside yourself
I'm trying to guide you
Help you see inside yourself
I pimp with vision, I'm a help you see the light
Have you covering your body and have you eating right

[MC Lyte]
(is that right)
I'm pimp ho's, pimp pens, (Common: Say what)
Pimp rhythms, pimp flows
Pimp men (Common: and pimp what)
Pimp systems
Got stores called big pimpin (Common: Where)
Down South
In Texas I ran the best ho house

[Common]
(So)
I pimp from Brazil to um, Tokyo
Have Japanese broads sayin Choushi wa dou (MC Lyte: Yea right)
Bring'em back to the states to turn dates from Europe
Made the dirtiest of hoes seem purer

[MC Lyte]
(HA ha ha ha ha ha ha ha)
(Common: Why you laughin)
I'm laughin cause you funny
I'm make bitch niggas like you have my money
I get six hundred off yo' skinny ass weekly
You'll get all them righteous hoes in that dashiki

[Common]
Yo, what ever happened to loyalty
Don't you want to become royalty
On the streets selling ass and oils for me
But you on this ho-asis and really I can't reach you
Fuckyou then I'm about to be a preacher

[Common talking and Bilal Singing Background]

Well there you have it ya'll
The story of pimps and hoes ya'll know how it goes
It's been the oldest profession
The whole thing is like a lesson
Ain't no second guessin
Pimps ya'll, hustlers
All that good shit
Yea, yea 2000 and forever
It'll be here
Uh, uh aiight cool(Verse 1)
The sensitivity of Nations involved with temptations..
How can I be a sensation
Without falling like leaves
In Autumn?
Of course I believe
But what's next to believe in?
The fact I'm breathing in
Cats are asking for me to weaken...
Well, I can't do it
I don't sing songs while dreaming
....
Damn..
Over heads I go and then I lift you from your toes
And if you're listening then I figure you would know
Niggas wouldn't get it 'til I sit in a UFO,
And get dome from a chick, wishing she was golden
So I put a spell on the very movement
Pardon me, moment
I'm sorry if I'm talking all this Moo shit, ladies
But I know what it means to you..
So basically I dream of you...
While I sit and listen to a J beat
(Uhn, Uhn)
J-D beat or two..
Sorry but, I be abusing beats
And I mean to be as gentle as diligence when I spit sentences!
But I'm spilling shit as if I fell from the wayside from temptation
This is not Bayside but I meant to stay in the basement
Working on experiments and there it is again..
I wish to be a scientist
Maybe my music is my science..
And on some Psy shit, I guess I get it in
But there could be an argument between the white of my eyes and them
Those who wish to understand the future as I give it
And I live it, cause I'm in it...
UHN!

(Hook)
Sooooo it's okay to be myself
(I found out the hard way!)
Sooooo it's okay to be myself
(I'm living life the CHarles way!)
Sooooo it's okay to be myself
Forever and a day!
(One more!)
Sooooo it's okay to be myself
Forever and a day!

(Verse 2)
My common goal was just to rap to this beat
So as I stand, clapping as me..
And I don't mean having a free clapper for me
I mean applauding cause I actually D-I-D
What I wanted to do
But No I.D. is Dilla and I'll be 'Ye
And it'll be the proudest day when we can make..
Another Big Brother
And he'll be Toomp, get it??
A sonic joke and then the truth is spitten, in the booth
And I will go praise in the name of sound
Cause I don't know what I'd be doing without 'em
I'll be blue without 'em and he'll be blue regardless
So don't doubt 'em!
OH, the music I'm sprouting
Kinda like a...
......
It was gonna be a STD joke
But that'll leave me with little hope
To get a chick who can give a little bit of WHOA!
My misogyny comes from growing up in the HO..
O-D, oh..
Since life's a bitch, I guess me being in her
Means me moving slowly...
I'm from the 'burbs, probably a farm
But..
I am the Sun so probably it's hard to be a rock
It's funny how the Sun is a gas and..
Everybody's under the fact
If you gas the Sun you can get more fire than premium
In a car when it crashes!
A lyrical orgasm as I spit gashes!
Nothing but slashes
After my sentences, periods added
If you don't want to add it then it's just traumatic
.....
Musically this is a marriage!
UHN!.....
UHN!
WHOA!
WHOA!
......
......
UHN! I'mma keep going too
I don't even think justice is done!

(Hook)
Sooooo it's okay to be myself
(I found out the hard way!)
Sooooo it's okay to be myself
(I'm living life the CHarles way!)
Sooooo it's okay to be myself
Forever and a day!
(One more!)
Sooooo it's okay to be myself
Forever and a day!

(Verse 3)
I'm proud to be myself like I was starring in the Fighing Temptations!
I don't write shit and writings a temptation!
But I believe in myself finally so why is niggas hating??
I finally had a bout of vibration with my Sensei!
And as he would say, admit..
It makes sense for you to not be the way you've been
Since the age of 10, minus 10..
My mind's a 10
A diamond then
But if you minus the tin of which I am in
I am in the vibration
Of wanting to be the kind of guy I'd wish to be..
..And that's the vibe I'm in
Silent sentences, I don't need to speak 'em
Yo, I'm going for peace so I don't care what be happening
When my eyes close for the evening
If I sound like Biggie than it's a biggie of a soundbite
Cause I ain't really tryna sound like no one really...
Shit..
I go to sleep and dream about rolling lilies...
White girls laughing
In this white man's world
I'm simply another black man asking
To be a white man!
A black fantasm
We all wanna stand in suits, be fantastic!
I'm a gentleman, that don't mean I'm soft
I'm just soft with my hands and my point gets across!
....And my point gets a cross like I'm praying to God
Praying to saints, pray to Allah
Pray to the Day!
Buddhism is safe to say
For me
The way to be and the way to go
So Siddhartha, may I be the author
Of what people tryna find when they start up
The wondering about how to go with they day to day
My flow is my day to day
So I hope my flow isn't the focus of you day to day
I hope my substance is, I'm in love with it
Like it's an addiction to some other shit
As banned by the government!
And even with Apple on my back
The temptation of the apple 'caused all this shit to be some other shit!
So I perhaps like to eat grass
So I roll up in my mind, psychically eat some grass
You never been this high!
I eat the grass seeds like Aubrey
So I say Hi to this guy and I ship 'em with grands
This is just a gentleman wishing with his hands
That he can meet the man who made the gentle man
..And if I even try to remember it then my life is November 10th
11/10, start the countdown
My birthday basically means what I'm 'bout now is..
Finding a bounce and not calling it a bounce....
Giving it tips. Each one of my sentences is..
Reason why ladies should be giving a fit
And then giving a fist
Black Power!
Then I roll up black sour and laugh for hours
The sour is black, pardon me, it's green
But the sour, in fact, starts the deepest dreams!
Niggas don't understand the components
So every woman and man's an opponent!
UHN!
See that's marijuana, heroin, cocaine
And the honor of a dealer
Putting in roach spray
And if it sounds dope, Hey..
My entire catalog is sour
Mixed with alcohol taking away the pain of today!
And the today is the tomorrow when looking down the halls
Of what you had to go through
To have the vocals to rap on Pro Tools
My facts you know are cool!
And as a matter of fact, with no boo
Meaning a ghost
I stay noble to my boo who knows she is no boo!
WHOA!
That means a quote
That means my ghosts are trapping her
Into the dreams of the most.. HIGH
And I am the Sun
So please don't make my T-E-M-P
T-A, T-I-O (laughs)
Yo, ONE!
And I spell it out so yo, I'm done!
It's not a spell though
It's simply me being a Macho Man with bandages on my elbow..
Can't wait until I go the Hell home
Call up on my cellphone
Meaning my mind cause my mind's in a cell, yo
Whoever could understand this mind
Shit, I ain't sell no-thing..
So I hope people are noting the fact I'm so true
And these old dreams have come true!
Thank You Dilla for making the beat
And thank you Charles Hamilton for having the vocals!
This is what happens when you're hopeful
Not imaging being hopeful..
-Charles Hamilton

(Hook)
Sooooo it's okay to be myself
(I found out the hard way!)
Sooooo it's okay to be myself
(I'm living life the CHarles way!)
Sooooo it's okay to be myself
Forever and a day!
(One more!)
Sooooo it's okay to be myself
Forever and a day![Produced by J Dilla]

I don't really care
I never never needed..[Q-Tip]
"Yo. Niggas be on the mic, they be all serious...
I'd love to be serious but... effortless shit
Effortless... effa-efortless. Mmm-hmm.
Turn my music up, Duro. Yo, yo, you my hero
Make the shit get loud-a. Even more in my headphones loud-a
Uh. Sweetheart, shake yo' ass cheeks
Bust it. Mmm-hmmm. Mmm-hmmm."

We gon' knock it down and put this
Rock solid Amplified shit up
Girl, it's like a sit-up.
So you betta send a letta to the betta
We cut the bank and takin' all the bankin' chedda
Girls get pretty-ed up
Then they comin' out the club. Rap cats, lock it up
Worldwide vision where
Everybody sees clear
I could get you ten here
Uh. Makes no fuss. Keep my shit plush
Compliment, I get blushed. That's just how a brotha is
Big Willy kids and we really run our jibs
Ladies, breathe easy. Let your man please thee
Uh. Takin' rhymes to another zone
Is your mother home? Cause we can get the moans
And stay strickly on a rhythemic notion, and
Keep the joint close for the commotion and
Keep movin' around. Movie stars
Buy a little car, buy out the bar

[Q-Tip (Meda Leacock)]
("All in...") ...for the people who move wit' me
("All in...") ...for the nights of ecstasy
("All in...") ...for the way we work and play, doin' it
Everyday. This is how I need to be
("All in...") ...for the people who roll wit' me
("All in...") ...for the nights of ecstasy
("All in...") ...for the people who work and play, doin' it
Everyday. This is how I need to be

[Q-Tip]
"Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, what?"
We do it alive, blowin' the spot of this
Showin' to prove what rap is. ("What is it?")
Marauder, pass the blue moon.
Hit 'chu wit' the ill tune
Ass cheeks move wit' the help of my jacket bloom
Insert the veteran
Who consecutively come wit' shit yet again
On the dance floor, chicks get horny
Hopin' that they all move on me
Word, for REAL for real
Do it hard for the love of the game
Pull your card and I'm askin' yo' name, bitch
Jay-Dee be champion
Tip be stylin' and definin' yo' chick, best compan-ion
I'd advise you to fix your self, for real
And do your shit wit' more zeal. ("More zeal.")
We in the mix and it's thickenin'
My rhyme and it's tickin' in
The hatin' and the shit is so sickenin'
Picasso, original. ("'Riginal.")
You forg-azy and the shit amaze me
Sharpen your contrast and put a little color in it
High Define your screen and put this brotha in it

[Q-Tip (Meda Leacock)]
("All in...") ...for the people who move wit' me
("All in...") ...for the nights of ecstasy
("All in...") ...for the way we work and play, doin' it
Everyday. This is how I need to be
("All in...") ...for the people who roll wit' me
("All in...") ...for the nights of ecstasy
("All in...") ...for the people who work and play, doin' it
Everyday. This is how I need to be
("All in...") ...for the people who move wit' me
("All in...") ...for the nights of ecstasy
("All in...") ...for the way we work and play, doin' it
Everyday. This is how I need to be
("All in...") ...for the people who roll wit' me
("All in...") ...for the nights of ecstasy
("All in...") ...for the people who work and play, doin' it
Everyday. This is how I need to be. ("Need to be...")One time for ya mind
Lemme tell you somethin'

Mellow like calm waves, palm trees I breeze through
Gentle with the age, beyond ease I reach you
I see you through the corneas, absorbin' a formula
Formulate a plan, the stance has enormous steps
Climbin' the poetry, rhymin' and morphin'
The mind mournin' my cousin who died from torment, his eyes closed in
The casket, his last breath was tragic
He had not a person by his side when he passed, kid
You can ask him how Heaven and God are
He'll smile at you and say, "Heaven beyond clouds"
You reach the pearly gates, God lets you in
"James, don't let the demon within get the win"
My cousin was tryna find a way
Tryna breathe life and survive the day
But the knife and the blade struck the side of his face
Now he lies in his grave, moms crying in pain

It's another man gone
It's another damn song

It's another man gone
Uh, it's another damn song

Peace

Play that back"My family tree, is my history" {*echoes*}

Yeah baby (yeah)
I baby, I baby you bet your life baby
That's right I'd die here
With the world's most populous drinking areas, you understand?
This is how I'd die, yeah
Everything is back, and they'd use what
And everybody here's waiting for the million dollar jackpot
Number to come up man, and you know
It's a lot of shit, but that's just what the doctor said

Too much too soon! Hell yeah

Straight sound like the end of the world or armageddeon man
They need to find another way for people I talk to
Oughta know, who is gon' take the responsibility nigga

Say it

Too much too soon! Hell yeah

Say it

Bombs droppin[Verse 1: Common]
Nigga deep in the rhythm, experience speaks
I'm keepin' the wisdom, the life hustlers seek
I seeking it with em, I'm dope the streets need me to hit em
With some of that (revolutionary rap)
Revolutionary blunted rap
My peoples want hits, I hit it from the back
Under the cherry moon, I hold notes and carry tunes
My guise pack heat enough to bury June, on my feet
I'm getting married soon, walking in the clouds like Mary Bethune
Fumes of a real nigga seep into your room
Or through fifthteens of the jeep that you boom
Son so many cats, they call me high noon
Offerings to Oshun hoping war is over soon
Guard your grill like George Foreman
Time to build, as far as building I'm the doorman, opening doors
My blood I expose on the floors, tell them the game ain't only the score
Hold on to your life as I carry these styles
To have you tapping your head like Darius Miles
You ain't supposed to rhyme, better off with a clothing line
In this business of pimps, many hoes get signed
Opposed to shine so me holding the blinds
Mixing golden seal and wine, holding a nine
In the age of aquarius

[Hook: Bilal & Erykah Badu]
The water that arrives (ba-ba ba ba)
To purify the world (du-ba ba ba)
Flying through the night (du ba-ba ba ba)
So watch out here he comes ( du-du ba ba ba)
Aquarius! (echoes)

[Verse 2: Common]
Between churches and liquor stores, my mic leaks
With raps, all over your head like Tweet
Playing with yourself, thinking the game is just wealth
Hot for a minute, watch your name just melt
Same spot where it's joyous, where the pain is felt
As you build and destroy yo remain yourself
They say im slept on, now im bucking in dreams
And rhyme with the mind of a hustler scheme
Or the struggle of fiends, I flow over water thats as troubled as teens
For the love of the team, trying to double the dream
Be grateful like the church psalm my grandmother sings
Im rubbing my rings across the domes of clones
Punchlines like Roy Jones with poems
While you and your dogs foam at the mouth
Thinking rap is the only way out
The black human genius will never play out
I take you way out, where you never been before
Been it since birth, sent to replinish the Earth
That truck that you roll is like a miniature hearse
I deaded your shit before you finished a verse
From niggas to gods from bitches to earths
From Nat to Truck Turner that lives in my verse
Realness is an act that you cannot rehearse
Holla back, but listen first
We in the age of Aquarius...

[Hook x2]

Aquarius! x2[Intro: Raekwon]
Word, I miss you, I miss the God
Word... a powerful brother, man, he was live

[Raekwon]
He was a powerful general, the smell from his breath was Ballantine
I think it was the year '89
He stayed the freshest, Polo boots, wallies with them colorful 'Lo gooses
Coming from Medina, we boost
We up in A&S, slipping and dipping to Bedstuy
Native, he used to beatbox, thousands'll listen
Yo, that's before, the Wu got on, him and Allah Just'
And RZA came to the Island one morn'
A nigga could dance to slow music, outdrink any nigga
On the benches, while we hitting reefer, he sold loosies
Five foot seven, a legend was born, Russell 'Ason" Jones
I know him for his braids and lessons
A wise man with knowledge 120, kept a flag on his chest
A right hand, you quick, serving you Remy
Yo, let's toast to the fallen, lost forgotten
Aiyo, if niggas could hear me, then roll up some broccoli
Ason, the heart of a lion, a purified mind
The way he did it, with a mic and some wine
I would never forget the days we used to sit back
Days I be all up in the crib, listening, holding, align him and yo
I just miss this nigga
And now I understand the meaning of love, when I kissed the nigga

[Interlude: Ol' Dirty Bastard sample]
My name is Ol' Dirty Bastard, youknowhatimsayin?
I don't hide nothing back, I barely, I mean, I come from a family, man
Of poor welfare, youknowhatimsaying?
When I came out my mother's womb I was on welfare, youknowhatimsayin?
So so so it's like, you got to keep it real, nahwhatimean?

[Raekwon]
He had a heart of gold, intelligent soul from day one
Loud as the ferry, best friend was momma Cherry
Sweet lady, BK baby, she taught Dirty
How to cook, clean, singing the songs, say the
Old school dances and O.E., Ballantine, the wine
We sip, while we sat with the O.G.'s
Knowledge of self, good health
The fortunes that came with the game, had my brother insane
It's like wealth ain't enough to live for
But if you got love in your heart, just believe in yourself
That was the black man rap, baby Jesus in the black Land'
Few jewelry pieces with his gold fangs, his fam
(Brooklyn Zoo) you know my brother was ill
The first dude to say, "Yo, keep it real"
Yeah, the lover, the father, the hustler, the rap professor
Now he with Allah, that's a blessing

[Interlude: Ol' Dirty Bastard sample]
See, it's like, ok, where I come from
In my neighborhood, my people know me
Youknowhatimsaying? See, if I try to come any different
They ain't gon' respect me no more
Youknowhatimsaying? Because they -- you know people
Got their thing about themselves, you know
If you come from the neighborhood, youknowhatimsaying
You couldn't, you couldn't get out the neighborhood
But you could never take the neighborhood out of the people
Youknowhatimsaying, but if you try to like jump and crossover
To the other side, people won't understand that, and they don't like that
That's why they don't be buying people music
See, we keeps it real, and we always gon' keep it real
You can't knock what's real, youknowhatimsaying? We telling the truth, man[Sample of "BABY!" repeats throughout the song]

[J Dilla - Intro]
Let's go!
Turn it up...live niggas throw it up
It's the official, we got the bank for ya...
GO!

[Guilty Simpson]
You can catch Guilty Simpson at a rave with babes
Packin a .38 snub and a razor blade, uh!
Thug shit in a major way
I kick ya dog's ass like a Flavor Flav
Thug niggas with guns beneath leathers
If you know better, keep ya bitch on tether
Niggas got snow like cold cold weather
And big money clips cause they fold dough better

[J Dilla]
Yeahhh! Packin three cuties in the Hemi
I be runnin hoes like Luke in Miami
So I hit her gotta get the half of my jimmy
I don't mean to pimp that hard, it's just in me
Got a sick flow and a couple of pistols
Got this thick chick Coco in 'Cisco
The same day I met her, we backstage in the bathroom
She got a mouth like a vacuum, uh!
We them boys with the chains on our neck
E'ry five minutes we untanglin' them
It's Pay Jay make sure the name on the check
Jay Dee in the turnin' lane with ya ex like Los Angeles

[Guilty Simpson]
...and the nights are scandalous
Thick like big bread basket sandwiches
Choke on that, we smoke on bats
And put a hole through the horse on your Polo hat
And leave the shit smokin where the logo at
And the witnesses won't tell po-po jack, uh!
That's how it is when we fuck shit up
(Kill it!) People hoes horny and the blunts lit up
FEEL IT!

[J Dilla]
Yup, real talk y'all
I met this girl last night, she whispered in my ear like
[*singing*]
Baby, you're the one..
Baby, take me home tonight
Baby, lay me doooown..
Baby, girl it's only right
Baby, you're the one..
Baby, you're the one for me
Baby, (yeaaah!)
You should be havin my baby (Turn it up!)
You should be havin my baby

[J Dilla]
It's the official, {?} make the wrist glow
Think it's a disco when I ran Bisco
If you feelin' it, where your Earl Flynn at?
Cut the check, Tim tell em where to send at
That you {?} my man Phat, tell me where ya friends at
Kay moved to the valet where the Benz at
Let's be...

[Guilty Simpson]
...out ridin high
Girls stop when they see the clique ridin by, on jock
They ain't invited unless they gon' drop
You do it how I like it and make it go pop
If all's agreed, we got weed
Skatin' through the area, movin' at Mach speed
Makin moves is a must - why bother doin it
If what y'all doin ain't 'bout dollars?

[Madlib]
All my...("BABY!") girls always lookin for me
My kids' moms always lookin for me
They lookin good for me
You what? - You gon' stick with her or me?
Damn girl, you always givin the third degree, you still my ("BABY!")
Always keepin me up on my toes
Unless I'm out creepin on do's or sleepin with hoes
Still my ("BABY!), cakes with cakes upon cakes
(Ay, where my money at?) Keep a nigga spendin papes

[J Dilla - Outro]
Turn it up another notch
Yeah, that's how we doin it
Broadcasting, LIVE from WBBE
You know how we do it
We got a special guest in the house
He goes by the name of Dave New York
Dave, we talkin 'bout, hip hop and radio
Dave, where you at with it?

[Dave New York]
How do I feel about radio hip-hop?
I think it's wack, most of the shit they play is straight GARBAGE!!...
[*echoes*][Female voice sampled]
Standing at the bus stop
I heard a voice behind me saying: "Hi, baby"
Ohh I just fell all apart inside
Because I hadn't heard that voice in such a long time
I turned around...

[Ghost talking over sample]
That's right y'all, y'all shoulda seen what I did
So so pretty, so pretty - y'all hear how she sounds right?
She sounds crazy right? Yes
This what happened at the bus stop

[Ghostface Killah]
She turned around and this grown lady said hi
I was quite stunned from the way she replied
Peace, nice to meet ya, sweetie call me Tony Starks
Ghost if you like ta, mind if invite ya
Over for some red wine, nice Barry White huh
She pulled out a cigarette, hon here's a lighter
Her voice was a slow jam, full length white mink
Hella fine with a beauty mark on her right cheek
When she spoke her smoke floated when it left her throat
Spelled honey when she blew it out it turned to water word
I was infatuated
She put the perfume to her neck and sprayed it
Plus the bottle was nickel plated
It make a young girl steez yo feel outdated
And know the married chicks shopping with they man's hated
One stone on her finger was green, Maybelline
Cover Girl lipstick, plump color fingertips
Revlon face blush, oh-five-six shit
The ashes was hangin off her stog' so she flicked it
Damn, had to bundle up, I caught goosebumps
Plus the windchill factor had dropped, here the bus come
I never rush one, here take my number miss
I live alone, her face fell when I dropped the chrome
Damn, can I have YOUR number? {*bus pulls away*}[Produced by J Dilla]

And get drunk off my dick tonight
I want you to get plastered off of my meatsock tonight
Please blaze my dick like a blunt and
Make me want your cunt
It's all I want
It's all I want, that's all I ever want in my life...

[J Dilla]
You said you lookin for them niggas yeah we be them
Shit reminds me of some old EPM
This year 'bout to blow up like some helium
I usually rock around 92 BPMS
Like BDM, the Lexus what you see me in
Homeboy don't ever step to S.V. again
Shoutout to 5 Ela, ain't no beef with them
Gotta say what's up to HouseShoes and Beej n Dem
Oh, I gotta go it's like, we be on peace, peace, peace
Peace, let's get into flow again
We be them, niggas yeah we be them

[T3]
T3 got the same flow continuin'
Y'all motherfuckers say the 3 don't be freestylin
I got a flow that got these hoes buckwhylin
I got you diggin' and reachin' for your wallet
You want it boy and you know who - got it
You claim original and sound like somebody
Shit I've been rippin shit since I first started
Been challengin niggas and leavin 'em de-parted
I don't wanna but I gotta like build this body
I said this shit goes out to everybody - body - body - body...

(Yeah we be them niggas, yeah we be them)

[Baatin]
Niggas come back to life, yo, I do the usual again
Hoes is givin me blows, cause I'm a sexy man
Niggas is comin with rhymes I ain't feelin
You think you know me boy I used to be a hard villain
Niggas is mad cause they shit ain't genuine
Don't even come my way boy with that cause I'm chillin
Fillin my shit, like Rollo fill up my click nick
Steppin to S'll be your last and, feelin the flow again
We be them niggas, yeah we be them

Yeah we be them niggas, yeah we be them (4X)

You think that'll roll~?
It's gonna have - that's gon' have to roll
Fuck thatYou know what makes you different from everyone else is when you act yourself.Bend over

Yo, it's Mutty Ranks in the place (Mutty Rankin')
But in the immortal words of Shabba Ranks (Where are the girls?)
We got some sweet, we got some foul
I'm about to break it down, check it out, let me know

Are you ready? (WHAT!) Are you ready for this?
Do you like it? (WHAT!) Do you like it like this?
Are you ready? (WHAT!) Are you ready for this?
Do you like it? (WHAT!) Do you like it like this?
Are you ready? (WHAT!) Are you ready for this?
Do you like it? (WHAT!) Do you like it like this?
Are you ready? (WHAT!) Are you ready for this?
Do you like it? (WHAT!)

Yo, as I cruise through this ATL town, my eyes brown
Chillin', freshly dipped when I get down
Jarobi, tell 'em 'bout the puppy named Mutts
Like lifestyles galore in case a chick wanna hump me
I'm rough with mine, tell me who's rougher
Makin' honeys express theyself like Salt-N-Pepa
Not sayin' that sex makes everything better
But if all else fails, I'mma fuck that tail
Now watch out now, damn look at your trunk
We could take it to the rest right now and get it crunk
Sing "Shorty Swing It My Way", it's only right
Turn the door, now walk it in and see the real sign of life
Fuck a Phife, I'm on some Shawn Micheal shit tonight
On some Five Foot Freak shit, or I don't eat shit
But if you act right and you ain't about games
Then my screwin' can be longer than Nina's last name
Now tell me somethin' good before I hang up your friend
Free humps and I'm out there if the shit is mad lame
Mad lame (mad lame) mad lame (mad lame)
Free humps and I'm out there if the shit is mad lame

When it comes to skins ain't no shame on my game
Mutty orders you to (BEND OVER!)
You can't live with them, you just can't live with them
So don't waste my time, just (BEND OVER!)
Now if you frontin' on the tail, then you get the cold shoulder
Diggy orders you to (BEND OVER!)
Girl, you are not gettin' younger, you are just gettin' older
So hurry up your ass and (BEND OVER!)
BEYATCH!

Are you ready? (WHAT!) Are you ready for this?
Do you like it? (WHAT!) Do you like it like this?
Now are you ready? (WHAT!) Are you ready for this?
Do you like it? (WHAT!) Do you like it like this?
Are you ready? (WHAT!) Are you ready for this?
Do you like it? (WHAT!) Do you like it like this?
Now are you ready? (WHAT!) Are you ready for this?
Do you like it? (WHAT!)

Forever in the jam where the diss be lookin' laced
Dancin' to the tunes of Cool J and Babyface
Me and my crew, no doubt we in the place
Ass everywhere, (Yeah son, this place is great)
Bumped into this cutie, damn boo you lookin' straight
Checked her backyard, can I guard that with a gate?
Slim trim, brown skin, what's your name? ('Salina Kate')
Where you from? ('Trinidad, but I live here in the States')
'It's only been three months but I'm searching for a mate
Word 'round town is you love to penetrate'
Of coarse, baby girl, what's the deal, you want a taste?
A stain is on your brain that could never be erased
'Sounds good Mr. Phifer, but I hear that's the case
Your style be so super that you should wear a cape
I love the way you sound on all five of your tapes
Plus you're always on the job like Mr. Slate'
Of coarse her best friend just has to player hate
And being who I am watch the Phifey hesitate
On dissing her ass, yo Jay, look at her face
Her motherfuckin' voice got way too much bass
Now back your ass up off me and give me my space
You know your fuckin' breath smell like chemical waste
Not to mention that ass, it be way overweight
Keep that ass out of Wendy's and lay off them shakes
Now back to you Salina, damn I admire your shape
'FUCK YOU! Mr. Ranks you just dissed my date'
Now what I'm supposed, scratch my head and ask why
You know that rug munchin's at an all-time high
Now all these chicks today are just hot hot hot
And me and my crew just wanna get hind, watch
I won't hold it against you the things that you do
I'll just have you know that I'm a lesbian too
So wiggle your ass here and swing over them titties
If you need to pay bills take your ass to Magic City
No need to act shitty, you're so so saditty
If you need to pay bills then take your ass to Magic City, what what

All you're lookin' for all this time, money
Well ain't got enough time to take
You can't run game on a gamer!
You can't run game on a gamer!
It's Phife Diggy (What) I gets busy (What)
Blowin' up the spot (What) Givin' back shots (Ooh! Ooh!)
J.U.S. (What) You know you can't test (What)
Blowin' up the spot (What) Givin' back shots (Ooh! Ooh!)

When it comes to skins ain't no shame on my game
Mutty orders you to (BEND OVER!)
I'll fuck in a Land Cruiser or a Range Rover
Diggy orders you to (BEND OVER!)
Now if you frontin' with your ass, then you get the cold shoulder
Diggy orders you to (BEND OVER!)
You are not gettin' younger, you are just gettin' older
So hurry up your ass and (BEND OVER!)

Like that y'all, to the beat y'all
Freak freak y'all, so sweat y'all
My name's Malik y'all, style's unique y'all
No doubt y'all, I come through y'all
Tribe all y'all. Phife Diggy y'all
On the ball y'all
And all these bitches on the way get the balls y'all
Phife Diggy but I never fall out
Slum Villy, got to bend over
What what what what, all over
Detroit Michigan, down in Angeles in CA
Fuck that we don't play round my way
Long Island, we whilin'
Yugoslavia, no doubt I'm Slav-in' 'em[Verse 1]
She rested her head upon my chest
Sensed liberation in between breaths
Wonder if sex is what she found it in
Peace, found it laying down with men
Wasn't there to judge her, many ways I loved her
It was more than bodies we shared with each other
We layed under the cover of friends
A place where many lovers began
I began, to feel her body shake in my hand
Body language, it's so hard trying to understand
Usually after sex, it's a good feel
Took by silence, emotion stood still
I could feel, her tears spill from her grille
Hurt from before that began to build
She told me hold me, a story she assembled it
Tellin' it, trying not to remember it
It was a story of innocence taken
Thought she could redeem, through love makin'
When she was eight she was raped by her father
And tried to escape through multiple sex partners
Felt pitiful, she had only learned
To love through the physical, inside it burned
My heart turned, I thought of what this man did
She forgave him, she grew to understand it
Her soul was tired and never really rested
Only with men through aggression
Said it was a blessing and it happened for a reason
By speaking it, she found freedom between me and you

[Hook: Cee-Lo]
Sometimes I wish a, careless whisper
Serenade her, without speaking a word
Because of you I'm stronger, I'm afraid no longer
I feel so alive in me, you have liberated me

[Verse 2]
She laid, I watched her breathe
Happy to be here, not afraid to leave
I couldn't concieve her not being here
Death in her face her not having fear
Less than a year she was diagnosed with it
Memories of that year, so close and vivid
Happiness, would only visit, once in a while
To watch an adult, becoming a child
Somehow, I knew she'd make it
The life of one so given early would God take it?
Hurt she placed in, hope and prayer
Hurt she placed in chemo and lost hair
I stare with my eyes closed
Wonder when the body leave does the mind go
Watchin' Jordan became less important
Seeing this disease eat away my aunt's organs
According to doctors theres no cure
We went through doubt, and cases of insure
Wish I knew then how to heal with herbs
Knew a part of her I could heal with words
But the creator was sending for her
What seemed like the end was the beginning for her
Like that, she didn't want us to remember her
No more medication did she want us to give to her
It spread from her liver to her lungs to her last breath
Only to be freed through death between me and you

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
He spoke with his eyes, tear-filled
A lump in his throat, his fear built
My whole life it was in steel
This ain't the way that men feel
A feeling, he said he wish he could kill
A feeling, not even time could heal
This is how real life's supposed to be?
For it to happen to someone close to me?
So far we'd come, for him to tell me
As he did, insecurity held me
I felt like he failed me
To the spirit, yelled help me
I'd known him for like what seemed forever
About going pro we dreamed together
Never knew it would turn out like this
For so long he tried to fight this
Now there was no way for him to ignore it
His parents found out and hated him for it
How could I judge him? Had to accept him if I truly loved him
No longer he said had he hated himself
Through sexuality he liberated himself between me and you

[Hook]

Liberation, peace[DJ Premier]
Yo this is DJ Premier
And you already know if it's comin from me it's got to be real
Yo, drop one of those
Neck
Breakin
Dilla
Beats
NOW!

Yo check it out
Don't touch that dial, you heard? {*echoes*}

Jay, Stay, Paid[Verse 1: WhoisLonny?]

As the Days Move, I'm Stuck In the Same Mood
I sit in the same room
Playing the same tunes
Nas and MF Doom, headed nowhere soon
But you aren't either, what up God I called but
I couldn't reach ya
So I hit the Grim Reaper
Said I've been dying to meet Aaliyah
So go ahead and take my life
I've been ready to die
You can see it in my eyes
When I cry in that dark room
Since My Ex played me like the
Harpoon I've been dancing
With the devil in the ballroom
And I'll tell you He ain't
Nothing to dance with cause once
You start them prayers never
Get answered, and six bottles of
Male enhancement only half as
Hard as getting out his hands is
If you ignorant I'm Talking bout
The devil's grip, don't lose your innocence
And fall into that shit
It'll fuck you up son
I pray to god I never hold a gun
But if a nigga cross me like Iverson
I can't be held accountable for
What I've done,
Ain't proud of shit I did
I'm better off dead with a
Muthafuckin' bullet in my head