[Produced by No I.D.]

[Intro: Big Sean]
I look up
Yeah and I take my time, nigga
I'ma take my time, woah
Power moves only, nigga

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Boy, I'm 'bout my business on business, I drink liquor on liquor
I had women on women, yeah, that's bunk-bed bitches
I've done lived more than an eighty year old man still kicking
Cause they live for some moments, and I live for a living
But this for the girls who barely let me get to first base
On some ground ball shit
Cause now I run my city on some town hall shit
They praying on my motherfucking downfall, bitch, like a drought, but
You gon get this rain like it's May weather
G.O.O.D. Music, Ye weather
Champagne just tastes better
They told me I never boy, never say never
Swear flow special like an infant's first steps
I got paid then reversed debts
Then I finally found a girl that reverse stress
So now I'm talking to the reaper to reverse death
Yep, so I can kick it with my granddad, take him for a ride
Show him I made something out myself and not just tried
Show him the house I bought the fam, let him tour inside
No matter how far ahead I get, I always feel behind
In my mind, but fuck trying and not doing
Cause not doing is something a nigga not doing
I said fuck trying and not doing
Cause not doing is something a nigga not doing
I grew up to Em, B.I.G. and Pac bitch, and got ruined
So until I got the same crib B.I.G. had in that Juicy vid
Bitch, I can't motherfucking stop moving
Go against me, you won't stop losing
From the city where every month is May-Day at home, spray your dome
Niggas get sprayed up like A.K. was cologne for a paycheck or loan
Yeah I know that shit ain't fair
They say Detroit ain't got a chance, we ain't even got a mayor
You write your name with a Sharpie, I write mine in stone
I knew the world was for the taking and wouldn't take long
We on, tryna be better than everybody that's better than everybody
Rep Detroit, everybody, Detroit versus everybody
I'm so fucking first class, I could spit up on every pilot
The city's my Metropolis, feel it, it's metabolic
And I'm over niggas saying they're the hottest niggas
Then run to the hottest niggas just to stay hot
I'm one of the hottest because I flame drop, drop fire
And not because I'm namedropping, Hall of Fame dropping
And I ain't taking shit from nobody unless they're O.G.'s
Cause that ain't the way of a O.G
So I G-O collect more G's, every dollar
Never changed though, I'm just the new version of old me
Forever hot headed but never got cold feet
Got up in the game won't look back at my old seats
Clique so deep we take up the whole street
I need a bitch so bad that she take up my whole week, Sean Don

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar]
Miscellaneous minds are never explaining their minds
Devilish grin for my alias aliens to respond
Peddling sin, thinking maybe when you get old you realize
I'm not gonna fold or demise
(I don't smoke crack, motherfucker, I sell it!)
Bitch, everything I rap is a quarter piece to your melon
So if you have a relapse, just relax and pop in my disc
Don't you pop me no fucking pill, I'ma pop you and give you this

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Tell Flex to drop a bomb on this shit
So many bombs, ring the alarm like Vietnam on this shit
So many bombs, make Farrakhan think that Saddam in this bitch
One at a time, I line them up
And bomb on they mom while she watching the kids
I'm in a destruction mode if the gold exists
I'm important like the Pope, I'm a Muslim on pork
I'm Makaveli's offspring, I'm the King of New York
King of the Coast, one hand, I juggle them both
The juggernaut's all in your jugular, you take me for jokes
Live in the basement, church pews and funeral faces
Cartier bracelets for my women friends, I'm in Vegas
Who the fuck y'all thought it's supposed to be?
If Phil Jackson came back, still no coaching me
I'm uncoachable, I'm unsociable, fuck y'all clubs
Fuck y'all pictures, your Instagram can gobble these nuts
Gobble dick up 'til you hiccup, my big homie Kurupt
This the same flow that put the rap game on a crutch (West x6)
I've seen niggas transform like villain Decepticons
Mollies'll prolly turn these niggas to fucking Lindsay Lohan
A bunch of rich ass white girls looking for parties
Playing with Barbies, wreck the Porsche before you give them the car key
Judgement to the monarchy, blessings to Paul McCartney
You called me a black Beatle, I'm either that or a Marley
(I don't smoke crack, motherfucker, I sell it)
I'm dressed in all black, this is not for the fan of Elvis
I'm aiming straight for your pelvis, you can't stomach me
You plan on stumping me?
Bitch I’ve been jumped before you put a gun on me
Bitch I put one on yours, I'm Sean Connery
James Bonding with none of you niggas, climbing 100 mil in front of me
And I'm gonna get it even if you're in the way
And if you're in it, better run for Pete's sake
I heard the barbershops be in great debates all the time
Bout who's the best MC? Kendrick, Jigga and Nas
Eminem, Andre 3000, the rest of y'all
New niggas just new niggas, don't get involved
And I ain't rocking no more designer shit
White T’s and Nike Cortez, this red Corvette's anonymous
I'm usually homeboys with the same niggas I'm rhyming with
But this is hip-hop, and them niggas should know what time it is
And that goes for Jermaine Cole, Big K.R.I.T., Wale
Pusha T, Meek Millz, A$AP Rocky, Drake
Big Sean, Jay Electron', Tyler, Mac Miller
I got love for you all but I'm tryna murder you niggas
Trying to make sure your core fans never heard of you niggas
They don't wanna hear not one more noun or verb from you niggas
What is competition? I'm trying to raise the bar high
Who tryna jump and get it? You're better off trying to skydive
Out the exit window of five G5s with five grand
With your granddad as the pilot he drunk as fuck trying land
With the hand-full of arthritis and popping prosthetic leg
Bumpin Pac in the cockpit so the shit that pops in his head
Is an option of violence, someone heard the stewardess said
That your parachute is a latex condom hooked to a dread
West Coast

[Verse 3: Jay Electronica]
You could check my name on the books
I Earth Wind & Fire’d the verse, then rained on the hook
The legend of Dorothy Flowers proclaimed from the roof
The tale of a magnificent king who came from the nooks
Of the wild magnolia, mother of many soldiers
We live by every single word she ever told us
Watch over your shoulders
And keep a tin of beans for when the weather turns the coldest
The Lord is our shepherd, so our cup runneth over
Put your trust in the Lord but tether your Chevy Nova
I’m spitting this shit for closure
And God is my witness, so you could get it from Hova
To all you magicians that’s fidgeting with the cobra
I’m solid as a rock, ‘cause I came from a rock
That’s why I came with the rock, then signed my name on the Roc
Draw a line around some Earth, then put my name on the plot
Cause I endured a lot of pain for everything that I got
The eyelashes like umbrellas when it rains from the heart
And the tissue is like an angel kissing you in the dark
You go from blind sight to hindsight, passion of the Christ
Right, to basking in the limelight, it take time to get your mind right
Jay Electricity, PBS Mysteries
In a lofty place, tangling with Satan over history
You can’t say shit to me, الحمد لله‎
It’s strictly by faith that we made it this far[Produced by Purpdogg]

[Intro: Eastbound & Down (Kenny Powers)]
The only thing I'm seein' I'd like to put an amend on, perhaps a little more room here for the fixins, you know what I'm talkin' about? Oh, we gon' have a lot of fixins? We gonna have so many fuckin' fixins up in this motherfucker, this shit gon' go through the roof. Oh God damn I'm shittin' gold these days

[Soulja Boy]
We made it
We made it

[Verse 1: Jay Electronica]
The devil, the haters, the bloggers
The papers, the labels, they labeled me
But they can't relate to our struggle, my nigga
We came up from slavery
Apologies go out to all of my fans cause they waited so patiently
This one is for all of the lost and forgotten black angels that prayed for me
A milli, a milli, niggas love me cause I'm ill
The greatest story ever told, niggas in the field
From Solomon to Sambo to Django, it's fact
I'm the Farrakhan of rap and I get it from the wheel
The son of WD, who hung around in the D
Who ran around in the three
The trap gods raised me
Face all on the Sphinx
Story all in the wall of the pyramids
Niggas know the Black God saved me
You can blow the nose off, that won't change it
Obamacare won't heal all that anguish
We came a long way from the bottom of the boat
All praise to the Mahdi, we found our language
Gold necklace, middle finger erected
God tribe of Shabazz stylin' on the record
Lost sons of Muhammad, we wildin' in the wreckage
Asha du illah illaha is the message
All these niggas, I got to fight one
All these devils, I got to strike some
All these rebels just waitin' on the war cry
Mama said: "son, you got to strike drum"
Roc Nation, celebration
Motivation, elevation
Nigga we made it from slaves on a slaveship
Live from the cotton fields, straight to the spaceship

[Interlude: Kenny Powers]
Kinda makes me wonder why the hell so many people are tryna tell me to slow down. Seems like motherfuckers should be shuttin' the hell up and enjoyin' the show

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
Hop off the slave ship
Popped off my chain and took it to Jacob, I got it gold plated
Walked in that bitch like "Nigga we made it!"
I own my own masters
You know I ain't missin' no royalty statements
I can't be rated (God, God), damn Hov stunt on them haters
Sorry Mrs. Drizzy for so much art talk
Silly me rappin' 'bout shit that I really bought
While these rappers rap about guns they ain't shot
And a bunch of other silly shit that they ain't got
I'm on my Lupita Nyong'o
Stuntin' on stage, after 12 Years A Slave
This Ace of Spades look like an Oscar
Black tux, look like a mobster
Don't make me RRRRAA yah, nigga watch your tone
I come to court with black boxers on
Y'all hella jealous of my melatonin
I could black out at any given moment
I'm God, G is the seventh letter made
So when my arms & feet shackled I still get paid
All praises due
I'm ready to chase the Yakub back into caves
These are the last days, but do I seem fazed?
Showed up to the last supper in some brand new J's
I'm the true and livin', book of Hov
New religion, 8th wonder of the world, alien, superstition
You're blind, baby
Blind to the fact of who you are maybe
My bloodline's crazy
Kings and queens and Michael Jordan rings
I go stupido, sucio
The flow is filthy, y'all can't kill me
I've been inoculated from the snakes and the fakes
The corny handshakes, cock sucker we made it[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Intro - Just Blaze]
It's coming
Ladies and gentlemen, this time around the revolution will not be televised
As we proceed, to give you what you need
'09 muthafucka, get live muthafucka
Ladies and gentlemen of the court
In the hearing against The State of Hip-Hop Vs. Jay Electronica
I present: Exhibit C

[Verse 1]
When I was sleepin' on the train, sleepin' on Meserole
Ave out in the rain without even a single slice of pizza to my name
Too proud to beg for change, mastering the pain
When New York niggas was calling southern rappers lame
But then jacking our slang
I used to get dizzy spells, hear a little ring
The voice of a angel telling me my name
Telling me that one day I'mma be a great mane
Transforming with the Megatron Don spittin' out flames
Eatin' wack rappers alive, shittin' out chains
I ain't believe it then; nigga, I was homeless
Fightin', shootin' dice, smokin' weed on the corners
Tryna find the meaning of life in a corona
Till the 5 percenters rolled up on a nigga and informed him:
"You either build or destroy. Where you come from?"
- "The Magnolia projects in the 3rd ward slum"
"Hmmm... its quite amazing that you rhyme how you do
And that you shine like you grew up in a shrine in Peru."
Question fourteen, Muslim Lesson two: dip diver, civilize a 85er
I make the devil hit his knees and say the "Our Father"
Abracadabra! - You rockin with the true and living
Shout out to Lights Out, Joseph I, Chewy Bivens
Shout out to Baltimore, Baton Rouge, my crew in Richmond
While y'all debated who the truth was like Jews and Christians
I was on Cecil B, Broad Street, Master, North Philly, South Philly, 23rd
Tasker, Six Mile, Seven Mile, Hartwell, Gratiot
Where niggas really would pack a U-haul truck up
Put the high beams on
Drive up on the curb at a barbecue and hop out the back like "what's up?!"
Kill a nigga, rob a nigga, take a nigga, bust up
That's why when you talk the tough talk I never feel ya
You sound real good and you play the part well
But the energy you givin' off is so unfamiliar;
I don't feel ya

[Interlude - Just Blaze]
We need somethin' realer!

[Verse 2]
Nas hit me up on the phone, said "What you waitin' on?"
Tip hit me up with a tweet, said "What you waitin' on?"
Diddy send a text every hour on the dot sayin':
"When you gon drop that verse nigga you taking long"
So now I'm back spittin' that "he could pass a polygraph"
That Reverend Run rockin' Adidas out on Hollis Ave
That FOI, Marcus Garvey, Niki Tesla
I shock you like an ill electric field, Jay Electra

[Interlude 2 - Just Blaze]
Oh my God!
Keep going!

[Verse 3]
They call me Jay Electronica - fuck that
Call me Jay ElecHanukkah, Jay ElecYarmulke
Jay ElecRamadaan, Muhammad A'salaamaleikum
RasoulAllah Subhanahu wa ta'ala through your monitor
My Uzi still weighs a ton; check the barometer
I'm hotter than the muthafuckin' sun; check the thermometer
I'm bringing ancient mathematics back to modern man
My momma told me "never throw the stone and hide your hand"
I got a lot of family, you got a lot of fans
That's why the people got my back like the Verizon man
I play the back and fade to black and then devise a plan
Out in London, smoking, vibin' while I ride the tram
Givin' out that raw food to lions disguised as lambs
And, by the time they get they seats hot
And deploy all they henchmen to come at me from the treetops
I'm chillin' out at Tweetstock, building by the millions
My light is brilliant

[Outro - Just Blaze]
I rest my case
'09, Act 3
First chapter of the end
The last chapter of a new beginning
If it's so? The things we doin' we not even tryin'
Be better than a lot of y'all records, don't get mad
Morning after, world premier;
Me?
For real though -
I ain't even gonna say nothing
Matter of fact, I don't even why I'm saying this
Jay you should get Puff to do this over
We movin' out, onto the next record
And um, I'mma let this just ride, ride ride ride haha[Produced by Ryuichi Sakamoto]

[Elijah Muhammad]
If one would open up truth, such as the truth of God to the people, I do think that He's within his rights to stay out of the sight of the people until He has won everything to Himself; as the Bible refers to it like this: He's something like a king looking for a kingdom. And that He goes and he visits the people, then He leaves the people, goes away and waits until the time when that He can secure the kingdom. Then He returns to the people that He had made Himself manifest to. So I think that's a pretty good answer

[Professor Marvel]
Well, I can't do anything without consulting my crystal first. Let's go inside here, just come along, I'll show you, that's right, here. Sit down right here, that's it. This, this is the same genuine, magic, authentic crystal used by the priest of Isis and Osiris in the days of the pharaohs of Egypt. In which, Cleopatra first saw the approach of Julius Caesar and Mark Antony and so on and so on. Now you better close your eyes, my child, for a moment, in order to be better in tune with the infinite

[Verse 1: Jay Electronica]
It's frustratin' when you just can't express yourself
And it's hard to trust enough to undress yourself
To stand exposed and naked, in a world full of hatred
Where the sick thoughts of mankind control all the sacred
I pause, take a step back, record all the setbacks
Fast forward towards the stars and the jetpack
My feet might fail me, my heart might ail me
The synagogues of Satan might accuse or jail me
Strip, crown, nail me, brimstone hail me
They might defeat the flesh but they could never ever kill me
They might can feel the music but could never ever feel me
To the lawyers, to the sheriffs, to the judges
To the debt holders and the law makers
Fuck you, sue me, bill me
That name on that birth certificate, that ain't the real me
The lies can't conceal me
The sun rise and the moon tides and the sky's gon' reveal me
My brain pours water out my tear ducts to heal me
My Lord's too beneficent
The message grab a hold to every ear it get whispered in
The waters in the bayous of New Orleans still glistenin'
The universe is listenin', be careful what you say in it
My grandma told me every bed a nigga make, he lay in it
The church you go to pray in it, the work is on the outside
Staring out the windows is for love songs and house flies

[Bridge: Latonya Givens]
I've got somethin' to say
I, I've got somethin' to say

[Outro x3: Latonya Givens]
Yesterday, yesterday is gone
Tomorrow, tomorrow is on the way
You don't have time to waste
Gotta get it right[Intro: Jay Z]
I got these niggas, Breezy!
Don't worry about it

[Intro: Ronald Reagan]
"And they say if we'll only avoid any direct confrontation with the enemy, he'll forget his evil ways and learn to love us. All who oppose them are indicted as warmongers. They say we offer simple answers to complex problems. Well, perhaps there is a simple answer—not an easy answer—but simple"

[Verse 1]
I got that black on black skin tone, actual-fact syndrome
That's why I dropped the jewel on every verse you heard me shit on
Okay, it's a Slumdog opera
The tale of a king whose name wasn't on the roster
My road to glory was Road To Perdition
And Act II: The Turn is just the memoirs with no omissions
We came a mighty long way from standing near the stove
In the cold, the greatest story ever told
The realest niggas see the pain in my story boards
The true believers say, "Wallahi, I support the boy"
My life feel like a highlight reel
This is lightning striking, feel how the Zeitgeist feel
Get a slight chill

[Bridge: Jay Z]
I got these niggas, Breezy!
Don't worry about it

[Verse 2]
My swag is on 1.21 gigawatts, 10 trillion kilowatts
Hardcore Thriller pop, Michael Jackson, nigga rock
Google me, baby, understand where I'm coming from
My destiny's to hit a grand slam when my number come
All hail the lyrical, Grand Wizard Imperial
Nigga signed the dotted line with Hov, that's a miracle
And I ain't leave the thugs alone
The humble and the meek will surely inherit the mud we on
And shoot up every club we clone
The flow is too atomic
The poetry's too Qu'ran-ic, the young prophet Muhammad
And I could drop a verse to change the whole vibration
The whole Roc Nation, the whole Live Nation
So pour libation
Beware, but prepare for the polarization, it's the globalization
Warn all the clergymen and notify Satan
I been waiting, this the notarization, I been patient

[Bridge: Jay Z]

[Verse 3]
A thousand kisses to the haters cause they made me greater
A thousand wishes from a million slaves could raise a savoir
A thousand visits to these dickheads at these major labels
From Big Daddy Kane to Big Daddy Cain and Abel
You pay a cost to be a boss, nigga, I paid the wager
Mastered both sides of the force and plus I made my sabre
Yes sir, I'm a soldier of love
Drowning all my sorrows and woes in the club
My white boys say, "that shit you spit last year, bro
Was like a real fine Merlot and a cashmere throw"
Some black chicks say he ugly, white women they love me
My Asians and my mamis don't put nothing above me
I call it as it happen, the art of quality rapping
One autobiographical chapter could start up the rapture
And even though I walk in the narrow valley of death
All I see is green pastures, bitches screaming from the rafters[Intro]
And his own story was as curious as his narrative
The tale of his life is the tale of a writer of incredible vision
An astute analyst and pundit
A lyricist compassionate and callus
A reckless hedonist and disaffected malcontent

[Verse 1]
I spit that Wonderama shit
Me and my conglomerates shall remain anonymous
Caught up in the finest shit
Get that type of media coverage Obama get
Spit that Kurt Vonnegut
That blow your brain Kurt Cobain, that Nirvana shit
Who gon' bring the game back
Who gon' spit that Ramo on the train tracks
That gold rope, that five-finger ring rap
Running with my same pack
You can find the Christ where the lepers and the lames at
Life is like a dice game
One roll could land you in jail or cutting cake
Blowing kisses in the rice rain
Nice whip, nice chain, a closet of skulls
The stench is like slave blood at Providence Hall, yeah
They built my city on top of a grave
Nigga die, nigga get high and watch the parade
Back in the early '90s
Where they at, where they at
Get the gat, get the gat was a popular phrase
Bally Animals and Rugbys was a popular craze
This the vivid memoirs of a obnoxious slave
I pave ways like Nat and Harriet
I blast on Judas Iscariot and peel off in the chariot
I'm sitting pretty, spitting flames, gripping grains
Ain't a damn thing changed

[Interlude: Willy Wonka and Child]
How does he do it?
My young lad, do you ask a dolphin how it swims? No
Or a eagle how it flies? No
That's right, you don't, because that's what they were made to do
You are about to bear witness my friends
To one of the greatest technological advances in modern history
BEHOLD! a confectionery behemoth

[Verse 2]
They say Candyman, Candyman, spit me a dream
Blow a chunk of the levee out and spit me a stream
Knock a man's house down and build a casin-
A two thousand dollar government check from FEM-
I swam down shit's creek and came up clean
With a new lease on life like Andy Dufresne
It's the most poetical, Nat King unforgettable
Clarence 13X Allah's rhapsody from Bellevue
I'm splitting atoms, spitting flames
Bringing change, things will never be the same
I got the rap game singing At Last like Etta James
Lames get they plane shot down like John McCain
It's a dream, it's a dream
The flow is elegant like Miss Coretta Scott King
A lot of kings seen death and turn queen
Crack they twenty-four inch rims in the ravine
Respect the architect, never test the Elohim
Goodnight, this is Jay Elec, live from New Orleans

[Outro: Napoleon Hill]
My journey has brought me to an understanding of the divine forces which we have all been bestowed
It was in this search that I came upon a revelation
Which has called me to guide millions of people towards their righteous destiny[Intro]
The boy raps over movie scores. His last rap was over the movie score for Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless MindShe say she never fell in love with a Superman
Christian, Muslim, Protestant, Lutheran
I told her that being a mortal is the portal
To the true nature of growth; the Christlike Buddha man
That's why I never spit the traditional garbage of a knife fight
Bright lights, white ice to the fans
The radio is just a stereo, like a house ain't a home
And a chair is just a chair, ask Luther Van
Go to work; go to church let your dreams die
Bow tie, Final Call, and a bean pie
Yarmulke for Hanukkah, wish list for Christmas
This is the gist of the life that we lead, why?
So you can fit in, with the closed-minded in the sit-ins
And get clothes-lined in the ed-end
I could care less about a plaque and Bid-enz
And gettin' Punked on TV by my friends
Don't get a nigga wrong
I get tempted by the rewards that all come along with making nigga songs
But what does it mean if I'm a Muslim and you a Jew
And because of that alone we don't get along
And when you talk like this, and try to walk like this
The radio stations'll never put a nigga on
Just Mims, just 50, just Wayne, just Jeezy
Dem Franchize Boyz, and Jimmy Jones
Fuck that, fuck rap this god-hop
Kingdom music for the hard rocks
I'mma spit it 'til TRL get it and Hot 97 hit a nigga with a bomb drop
Ask Flex, ask Slay, ask Whoo Kid
Just Blaze said Jay is the new kid
I took Eternal Sunshine and I looped it
No drums no hook just new shit
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
...Because He Broke the Rules
Grandpa Joe: Wh-When does he get it?
Willy Wonka: He doesn't
Grandpa Joe: Why not?
Willy Wonka: Because he broke the rules
Grandpa Joe: What rules? We didn't see any rules, did we, Charlie?
[Charlie shakes his head briefly]
Willy Wonka: [springs up from his chair, angrily] Wrong, sir! Wrong! Under section 37B of the contract signed by him, it states quite clearly that all offers shall become null and void if - and you can read it for yourself in this photostatic copy:
[grabs a magnifying glass and reads]
Willy Wonka: I, the undersigned, shall forfeit all rights, privileges, and licenses herein and herein contained, et cetera, et cetera... Fax mentis incendium gloria cultum, et cetera, et cetera... Memo bis punitor delicatum!
[slams the contract copy and the magnifying glass down, continues shouting]
Willy Wonka: It's all there, black and white, clear as crystal! You stole fizzy lifting drinks! You bumped into the ceiling which now has to be washed and sterilized, so you get nothing! You lose! Good day, sir!

The handling of a heart's a very delicate art cause it's paper thin
One irrelevant thought that started out as a spark could be a poisonous dart
That leaves a permanent mark, that's ice cold in the day and burns in the dark
And makes you never wanna see her face again
Tee-hee, what a place I'm in
Lead me to the station
A one-way ticket, don't look back
One cold tear that froze and cracked
A whole lot of pain I'm holdin' back
Chav said, "Eff that, roll the sack"
I said, "If my skull was cracked
And blood ran out to the cul-de-sac
That could not match me where I'm at"
My memories flash me there and back
Yup there goes me right there in black
Holdin' hands, not starin' back
She starts cryin' I start denying, it's my fault
And I'm aware of that
Man, in hindsight signs be glarin' back
Where's the map to show you where you're at?
I can hear the crowd yelling, I can smell the tire smoke
I can hear the starter pistol where's the track?
Ring no answer came home late
Jane told Dick she had a date
But they was just chillin' and at that moment
The right brain says to the left just kill em
Make the headlines, make the front page
Wild out in the court house man thrill 'em
They'll say, "The boy dead wrong," but I feel him
Voodoo ManVoodoo man, chicken bone chicken bone
I can make a thunderstorm from a light rain
My ears start ringing, my nose get bloody
I feel a little bit of pressure on my right brain
Intermission transmission put me in submission
Glistening trapped in the light prison whistling
The Christ told me come closer to the light man
I went blind, woke up in front of a mic stand

Voodoo man, tap dancing in the French Quarter
Walking on water with a scroll in my hand
The blueprints for a disc shaped-like vessel
That was chiseled out of metal off the coast of Japan
Fasting on the top of a mountain out in Tepoztlán
Saw a shiny object floating out of the ocean
I'm sort of like a postman
You can get the message if you want to understand
From the rap Son of Man

...on November 7th saw this disc-shaped object floating above the sea concourse of the United Airlines at O'Hare. Very low in the sky, it was still daylight, very distinct. Didn't look like an airplane, a helicopter, or anything else

Voodoo man, civilize the savage
Criticize the parish
Spreading false doctrine
Terrorize the cleric for carrying on nonsense
Specialized lies to paralyze the conscience
Voodoo man, chit chatter Abracadabra
Spitting out matter while I'm shitting out data
Mmm, chew 'em up shitting out rappers
Sipping Pellegrino while I'm giving out matches
Set yourself on fire
Let the wisdom of Elijah purify ya
Take a nigga higher
Sold your soul to the highest buyer
Now you're on the wire talking about two-foot tires
Saying you sell crack
Clapping at cats with macs
But you a liar pants on fire
Same old rugged cross
Different crucified messiah
FYIElijah Muhammad: Don’t get me wrong now. Don’t make a mistake in thinking that I’m telling you this was the beginning of the man on the Earth. Fifty thousand years ago is like telling you thirty days ago or ten days ago or five days ago, to the age of the universe. We have no exact record of it but it runs way into the trillions

While you was blowin' X amount of dollars on a bracelet
The sovereign nation of France was openin' they files on the UFO phenomenon: i.e. spaceships
It's just the facts, Jack may as well face it
Every rhyme I write the seal get cracked in the chapter of Revelations
A atom get cracked in the blackness of meditation
Mysterious shit
Call me Jay Dogon, I'm on some serious shit
Scholars wonder why don't he bust
Allah blessed me with a Midas-y touch
Everything I lay to hands turn to Ethiopian gold: shiny and buffed
I got a firm understandin' on the minus and plus
So I ain't got time to argue with a rapper 'bout how he ain't got rhymes
That's fuckin' with mine's
I'm trying to kill Lucifer, so if I have to brake
Cause a rapper in my face tellin' me that he the great
You can bet a shiny nickel I'll blast his motherfuckin' ass way past Jupiter
You couldn't be stupider
Fuckin' with the nuclear
Mayan, Aztec lion
Asiatic Blackman from Zion
Quetzalcoatl supreme, lettin' off steam
Dimethyltryptamine make a man dream
But y'all would much rather hear me rappin' 'bout trash
The size of Erykah's ass, blunts and cash
We need savin'
Minds are consumed with swine we need bathin'

Willy Wonka: There it goes. Hold on tight. I'm not exactly sure what's going to happen. Faster, faster...if we don't pick up enough speed, we'll never get through
Charlie: Get through what?
Willy Wonka: Ah-ha!
Grandpa Joe: You mean we're going...
Willy Wonka: Up and out!
Grandpa Joe: But this roof is made of glass. It'll shatter
Into a thousand pieces. We'll be cut to ribbons!
Wayne: Probably.  Hold on, everybody. Here it comes[Intro]
Yeah, this is another Sol Messiah production
You are now tuned in to the sounds of Jay Electronica
Man this is some beautiful weather we having this year right
This is grown folk music right here
It ain't been this cool in a couple of summers
Delta, step, Sigma, step

[Verse 1]
It's Friday night, in the club and I'm feelin' the vibe
I'm sharp as a tack, I'm black and I'm feelin' alive
Señoritas on the floor three-quarters naked
The DJ was bangin' that, "We gon' make it!"
Okay, I can deal with this
All the ladies started screamin', "Where my real niggas?"
I seen Dave by the bar, gettin' gin in a cup
I said, "Dave, where's Bum," "Man, he's still in the truck"
Stink pink gators, my Detroit players
Chillin' in the circle, Errol Flynnin' it up
Yup, now it's off to VIP
The waitresses be grinnin' when they see Ali
Two dimes walked up, "Can we sit with y'all?"
I said, "I don't know ma, lemme see I.D."
Cause the truth is, she really wanna take me to the telly
Put my dick in her belly, then play me like R. Kelly
But I can't go for that, I'm on a mission
I can't put myself in that compromisin' position
So um, we can chill relax for a minute
Maybe a pat on the back or some dap when I'm finished
Now, I'm right back to the two-step
Two in the morning and I ain't even loose yet
Delta step, SG Rho step

[Hook]
Hey DJ play my song
Rock that shit all night long
This party won't stop, this party won't quit
This party's on hit, nigga
We came to rock, we came to step
We came to shut this bitch down
Keep talkin' that shit, keep poppin' that shit
Get knocked the fuck out

[Verse 2]
We can get it crackin' any minute right now man; I'm ready for war
On the dance floor two-steppin' like Sigma Beta
With them down south head 'bussas knockin' out a hater
I mastered the dark side of the Force like Darth Vader
Now, lean back like Fat Joey Crack
Jay Elec got the flow to make your booty go clap
I'm a Third Ward soldier, I told you, playa
See the U-P-T and the clothes I wear
Out in that lower ninth ward they walk with a bop
Never caught without a Glock or a sock full of rocks
Shoutout to Big Reem
On his twenty-four-seven hustle to stack the green
Man, niggas got plans and dreams
Cash Rules Everything Around Me, C.R.E.A.M
Get the money, haters wanna see me stay bummy
But you can't change my cards or take nothin' from me
Police comin', firemen comin'
Niggas wilin' out in the club, we stay dumbin'
Niggas stylin' out in the club, now say somethin'
Man, I'm ready to wild out
The game just started, I'm ready to foul out
Y'all better hope we gracefully bow out
But we don't want no trouble tonight, man
Delta step, SG Rho step

[Hook][Intro]
Executioner: Do you have anything to say?
Alfred Borden: ...Abracadabra

[Verse 1]
Wake up to your grave it's the reminder on the clock
And those fleeting bits of satisfaction, turn to afterthoughts
But if you say the magic word
You could call back all the birds
And see that fire in the sky, burn everything back to life
You don't have to sleep to dream and live in paradise
Abracadabra, are you watchin' closely?
Can you feel the dawn approaching?

[Break]
Jailer: [Mockingly] Why can't you undo real locks, Professor?
Alfred Borden: Maybe I'm just biding my time. Maybe one day I'll open my hand, get your attention, and ask... 'Are you watching closely?' Maybe a magic word or two. And then I'll be... gone
Jailer: [Laughing] How'd you get so famous anyway?
Alfred Borden: ...Magic

[Verse 2]
I overheard niggas saying Jay was on the verge
He could make Rumsfeld resign with rhymes he never heard
Commune with the birds
And can manipulate matter with the usage of words
Throwin' dice on the curb
I'm the best and the freshest with the written text, fuck what you heard
It's the, metaphysical, dolby digital
Any Joe'll tell you, the flow's so pivotal
Every word's literal
Each diatribe is sort of like an interview
Come get an inner view
Right past the man and the myth to the mineral
I was born uptown a mile from the river view
Look, I'm a simple man, ya understand?
Masterin' my temple man, tryin' to expand
But when they think you simple, man
They'll try to play you out like you a simpleton
See what I'm sayin'
Niggas want pain not mercy
I'm writin' in my Moleskine on the train to Canarsie
Stand clear of the closin' doors
The people are in constant fear of a Trojan War
The vehicle that's supposed to free us is just an whore
I gotta call 'em like I see 'em
Even if it means they'll sanction my per diem
The angels will thank me in the streets if I see 'em
Sayin', there he go but I wouldn't wanna be him
Holdin' up a three and reppin' for New Orleans
Let us begin[Intro]
The GM sector is very, very powerful, they're very good at generating press releases. They've been making wild promises, curing the blind, turning deserts into whatever it sees them, and growing crops without water and sun for many, many years. The reality is that almost all of their research has gone into finding mechanisms, ways of allowing them to consolidate their control over the future and that is what it's about, it's very hard to argue that. As a result of their incredible power they have managed to, in my view, compromise possibly even corrupt the regulating system and the effect is that the market is racing ahead of the science and that's the reason advancements have not become...

[Hook]
We keep our pistols blazin'
Hot like Cajun
Hotter than even holdin' work at the Days Inn
That's the reason he's so amazin'

[Verse 1]
Who wanna bet us that we don't touch lettuce
Stack cheddar forever, live treacherous all the et ceteras
'Til the death of us, me and my confidants, we shine
You feel the ambiance, we saving the blind
I was raised by America
Had a baby with Erykah
Niggas started expecting the God to dress funny
Although, I'm fresher than a mannequin
Under pressure like Anakin
Grandma ain't ever raise a test dummy
So if life is a bitch
I'm slow dancing a song off
Romancing her thong off and taking her with me
I'mma tell ya like Rick Rozay the boss
[...]
I seen all your magic tricks, Abracadabraless
My crowd gather around; it's the resurrection of Lazarus
Pop that pussy for a real nigga
[...] for a Hilfiger
I never went to prom, was in a different mind
Just was in a different time than everybody else was
Not cause I ain't felt love
Even though we ain't had food all the time, we had clothing and shelter
House full of flowers, but I was the only Thedford
I remember my dad, but I was always a stepson
You know how the story go
My momma always say, "to God be the glory though"
I kept it movin'

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Nervous when they see the black man walking down the street, boppin'
Hold your head and keep rockin'
Pants sag, fuck a cop swag, keep Pac'n
It's a new world doctrine, oppression is not an option
If Sean John and Ciroc in stock, then keep shopping
What little faith you had in Barack, leave stock in
Whether good or bad
The world need to see the black man push a 'Lac down Pennsylvania Ave
Neither a Caesar or Ming remains
'Cuz dissatisfied humanity screams for change
And so it happens
Why you think the god started rappin'?[Intro: Mr. Hate]
If you're seeing and hearing things that aren't there while you're awake, you're mad. If you're asleep, you're normal and having a dream. So it's the question of whether you're awake or asleep that makes the difference; and in this case, since he wasn't allowed to sleep, it's as though his normal dreaming pattern began to show itself

He was clearly psychotic; when you don't know who you are or where you are or what's going on around you, and when you believe that there's....


[Verse 1: Jay Electronica]
I can't sleep at night, I toss and turn
Visions of my dead father, hoppin' out the urn
King James, Sigmund Freud, Mussolini, Nietzsche
If they miss me on the CB
They gonna get me through the TV
I'm sleeping and I'm dreaming, walking through the city streets
Hoping they don't see me, who?
Him right there with hands like a tiger, eyeballs of fire
Teeth like barbwire, feet like tires
He opened up his mouth and out came the locusts
Real hocus pocus trying to make me lose focus
I can't wake up plus I couldn't run fast enough to make it to the truck
So I yelled... but no sound came out
Teacher held me down, while the jackals ate my brain out
Then I woke (phew) close call
Stumbled to the bathroom, pissed all over the wall
Twisted up a nug, sippin' on Jack Daniels, watching True Blood
Sookie was gon' get smashed by Eric and Bill
And out the corner of my eye, I thought I saw a few
The power went dead and on the beam of light
A ship carried me away at the speed of light
I said: "please don't drop me, I'm scared to fall"
Just another close call, the writing on the wall

[Hook: Jay Electronica]
Am I concious or dreaming
Peeping Tom Hanks, Angels and Demons
Dear Lord, if I die tonight
Then I'm looking for revenge
Once I step into the light

[Verse 2: Jay Electronica]
Fuck you Times Square, I'm losing my mind
Ice on my nutsack, trying to freeze time
Starbucks, Adderall, Nodoz, Hobos
The late Richard Simmons and a couple of limes
Blame Netflix, cousin of death was on the guestlist
Robots and Goldwatch all over the setlist
Yes sir, Decon kills rats
I'm running with my wolfpack like Wolfman Jack
Crop circles under my eyes
Am I coming, am I going on this mushroom high
I can't lie, feel good to be me
Feel good to be free, feel good to be in 3D on MTV
Knock, knock, who's there?
Pop, slip down the rabbit hole
Back to a never-ending match of Scattergories (Uhh)
Snap out of it man because you got to save face for the politics and...[Verse - Jay Electronica]
Look at this [bitch] smilin' in a nigga face I hate her
I can drill a hole at the Earth's equator
Fill it with dynamite and make another Moon with craters
See you later
She ain't know, that innocent shit with Obi-Wan
Behind a Jedi back can turn Anakin to Vader, [bitch]
Your lack of faith in the Force is disturbin'
And if it wasn't Jack Daniels and Parliament
Lights it would have been murder
My eyes is red like ketchup
Tired of playin' catch up
Layin' on the floor starin' at the dresser
Got on my knees and prayed 'till they bleed
Dear God, I'm a sick motherfucker
I even fooled myself I'm a slick motherfucker
I'm sick of the scandulous livin'
I don't think I'm even equipped for a higher standard of livin'
But if you give him one more chance and forgive him
He'll push that negative gene into oblivion
Here's what I'll do:
Put you in this basket and float you down the Mississippi
Twenty miles from the Bayou
Here's grace, here's style
Have faith cause I'mma try you
My momma introduced me to the scripture
The channel 4 news introduced me to that shit that produced Hitler
I was a young lad: Three Stooges, Superman, Batman, The Riddler
Moonwalk, Windmill, Freeze for the picture
My grandma taught me courage
She told me never let the grizzly bears eat your porridge
Or you'll just be a carcass dying slowly in the forest
I could never thank her for it
But I can slay a devil when I see one
Steady practice mastery of self so not to be one
Life is like a re-run, season after season
Bombs on the train, bombs from the plane
Of disgruntled citizens bein' tried for treason
Whatever[Sample: Minister Farrakhan]
You got a hell of a nerve
If, if my rhetoric is too strident
Who better to correct me than my brothers?
And my sisters?
If I need to be brought in line or refined
Who better to do it than the members of my own family?
We don’t get into your family business
You stay out of ours

[Verse 1]
I never got shook up by talks of Illuminati
I’m from where niggas talk that talk
Then walk around the streets all day
Carrying heat like the human body
Stress – we mastered that
Death – we laugh at that
You niggas sweeter than the cog-ni-ac
I never sleep
And when my eyes is closed, I'm in a deep battle for sheep
I’m an insomniac
But when it comes to the rhymes, a hypochondriac
The flow so sickly, splash a hot round on me
Peel off quickly
Luckily, not one of you niggas could fuck with me
I hit you with a plus degree
Mind detect mind, plus mind detect matter
With that, I say peace to the G.O.'s
And all my niggas locked away in cages, giving shit to the C.O.'s
Doing long stretches on the track
Cause they fell into the trap of the Neos
The Farrakhan of rap, giving dap to the people
Busting shots at the eagle, with the arrows in its talon
Sneaking shots when you peep through your peephole
Spit the abracadabra, manipulate matter with a black magic
Created to eradicate evil
So if they call me a rapper, okay, yeah, I can dig it
But if they bring me before the Congress, then I can kick it
I send the devil to hell every time that I get wicked
Ayah to ayah, sura by sura yeah, I get lifted

[Sample: Muhammad Ali] "People do say I'm cocky, some say I need a good whoopin', some say... I talk too much, but anything that I say I'm willing to back up... I have fulfilled all of my prophecies, I'm up to date in all of my predictions, my train is running on schedule."

[Verse 2]
One for the money, two for the pussy and fame
Three hundred’ll go to the court to change my name like Cassius
The past just show me lessons
Stay on my grind and pray that time will show me blessings
Was my old motto
I'm from the Magnolia Projects, where dice rollers and heroin addicts is role models
So I had no choice but to kick it to full throttle
My niggas in Philly'll probably tell you "the boy’s thorough."
Now, either you with me or you with me
Cuz even if you against me, running with my enemies
They ain't nothing but mini-mes
That I created long, long ago
And they only want to cut off
My lineage like the Kennedies
That being the case
You should be aware I blast many a face
And left niggas displaced like Katrina did
And gave them very little of nothing like FEMA did
And I ain't never seen a bid
Well, there was one time when me and Ali tussled with one-time
For claiming our sovereignty as a nation and bloodline
You niggas should give a standing ovation
To the MC who stands in the face of Satan
Hitting them with creation[Verse 1: D Prosper]
Jedi Knight shit right here
D Prosper and Jay Elect
All Hail the Rap Gods
Better show respect
We on deck
Do the damn thing
Shining like the gold pendants
Descendants of Black Kings
You know the flow
Is cold as ice
So I beat ‘em in the head with that
"Tumbling Dice"
The Gods back
Matter fact I’m the Oracle
Big Up Just Blaze
Mike Chav, Johnny Audible
TJ on the wheels
Sadiq on the camera
“Too Legit To Quit”
Unh!
Hit them with the Hammer!!
Internet thug
Put a block on you spammers
Really no question
You know who the man is
Son on that Sun Ra
Sun Tzu
Burn like the sun do
Mic check
One two
Respect when I come thru
Move like royalty
Selassie I the majesty
Brightest of the hundred billion
Stars in the galaxy

I spit venom
Haters sour like Lemons
Entering the new dimension
Through the wormhole in Yemen
Blow the spot
Like the embassy bombing
The master shaman
Rock the Golden Death Mask
Like I’m Tutankhamun
IIm in a hybrid hooptie...
Shades on, Kufi
Notice that we focused man
Disciplined like Bruce Lee
Damn right!
Hold tight!
Black fist
Dark night
Real revolutionary rap
This the prototype
First on Earth
Don’t interrupt
Yeah homie that's what's up
DNA origins
Black Queen tell a friend
Lucy?
3 million years on the skeleton
Now your just scared
And trembling
See me in the club
Getting more love than Wimbledon!
I'm planet Earths best
Man fuck what you heard
Reptilians still running
This shit is absurd!

[Verse 3: Jay Electronica]
I need money; I used to be a stick up kid
So I think of all the devious things I did
And all of the mischievous things I hid
Should of died at 19, never seen my kid
A slave to nicotine, whiskey shots, anonymous
The rear view shows no one there reminding us
No Ramadan, Qur'an, Hanukkah, yarmulke
Could save me the way that the DJ did (Unh)
Jay Velour fidor (?) fedora, tweed Diadoras
No church no holy water no pew no mask de la hoya
I leave the arena the way I came
Gold medals rose petals, waving my cane
The party people all say my name
Black god body
Civilize a 85er right there in the lobby
From JFK to Hobby
How does he do it
Its kinda like this
Every rhyme I write is like a flying disk
I drop bombs like a scientist
I drop bombs like a scientist
Jay Elec get stronger as I get older
I measure with the heat that's made by solar
I represent the UPT Magnolia
Tin man floating in my tin can
Major Tom to ground control
My resume fucks up the sound control
My melody fucks up the mind control[Intro: Morgan Freeman]
Across the gulf of space, vast and cool and unsympathetic, regarded our planet with envious eyes, and slowly and surely drew their plans against us

[Hook: Curtis Mayfield]
Some people feel so empty
All their problems and hurt of pride
You make me so happy sweet baby
Love is by my side

[Verse: Jay Electronica]
Don't get it confused
This message is for solo artists, but I get at crews
We can make the news
I'll be on the low sippin' daiquiris in Baton Rouge
Or killin' the Rock The Bells with Nas and Posdnuos
It's a small task for Jay-man; wack niggas be dead
And I be laughin', sippin' out my flash, chillin' in my Ray Bans
Imaginary crime boss
With albums full of "Look at how much my watch
And how much my shine cost"
Is time lost
"Who Shot Ya?" The black Bach
Blastin' over operas, phantom of the chakras
Jay-Doppler went from panhandling socks in the Bronx to popular
This is just the start of it
The kid intends to split more wigs than British Parliament
Catch me on the global warming tour with Jigga and Al Gore
Performing "Dear Summer", where Autumn went?
Eternal Sunshine, drum major without a drumline
I be in the D screaming kick rocks to "One Time"
When they say "license and registration," I yell 'em "reparations"
Quote 'em from Revelations, then I peel off in they faces
Young, black, and arrogant with No ID, the most extravagant
They should build me a statue on Grambling campus
With a manuscript that say:
"He got at the best of them
Shot at the rest of them
Ain't no contesting him."
Green said, "It's a lotta niggas talking shit, but we ain't stressin' 'em."5. Nas - "Queens Get The Money" Produced by Jay ElectronicaThat's right! Before he signed to Jigga man, Jay Electricity was off producing for none other than Nas. This is minimalistic beat 101 - a cold Jay Electronica beat stripped bare of drums. The piano throughout the whole record is a looped sample from "Summer 78 (Instrumental)" by Yann Tiersen

The track also features a lion roar in the beginning of the song. Nas uses this as a statement that he's going in on the beat and pulling no punches! – 0nelove4. ScHoolboy Q - "Hoover Street" Produced by SounwaveSounwave is an in-house producer for TDE & produced two of the best tracks from Kendrick Lamar's good kid, m.A.A.d city. The intro starts at 84BPM, switching to 79BPM when the beat changes from the first verse onwards. During the intro, Sounwave makes use of vocal layering and reverb to echo the "How'd it feel" section. The instrumentation varies; using drums and other percussion, synths, FX (scratches, Lex Luger one-shots) and occasional brass. Thundercat was the bass guitarist on the song!

The track contains 2 samples both after the intro and beat changes;
A subtle vocal sample from "The Chamb" by The Mohawks in the background and the drums from "Ain't No Sunshine" by Harlem Underground Band

Originally this song was called "Familia" and in the last seconds they switched sample, the prior was done by Alchemist so he didn't get any credit. – UnBalanced3. Capital STEEZ - "Dead Prez" Produced by Joey Bada$$The instrumental is dark and jazzy. It sets the tone for Capital STEEZ's rapping with the creation of a mournful mood, which complements the melancholy lyrics on the topic of his goals in rap

The beat was created primarily with a sample from a Galt MacDermot song named "Coffee Cold".The beat's mournful tone is due to the sampled meandering piano melody, heavy bass, gritty drums, as well as the eerie synth whistle

"Coffee Cold" was also sampled by Handsome Boy Modeling School in "The Truth" & Gang Starr in "Werdz From the Ghetto Child" – Jankoz2. Kid Cudi  - "My World" Produced by Jeff Bhasker & Plain Pat"My World" sees Cudi teaming up with old pal Plain Pat. He produced several tracks from MOTM I, MOTM 2 and Scott's original mixtape A Kid Named Cudi. The other contributor Jeff Bhasker a.k.a. Billy Cravens has helped produce several critically acclaimed albums including My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy and Watch The Throne. They collaborate with Cudi to give us a sombre yet vivid instrumental

Two samples from Le Système Crapoutchik's 1971 song "All What I Have" were used throughout "My World". The first is immediately recognizable as the strings that come in right at the beginning. The second sample occurring at 1:07 forms the basis of the song's hook, "This will be my world". Only Bhasker could pull off something like this! – treflip1. Kanye West - "Dark Fantasy" Produced by Kanye West & Co
The intro to My Beatiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is originally a beat that Ye got from RZA. Kanye and the rest of the producers then built around it, hence it's influence from the "bring-the-ruckus" aesthetic. No I.D spoke to Complex Magazine and commented on which producer did what part:While I was in Hawaii, RZA came down and had a beat—but before that Pete Rock had given us a beat and then he ripped the drums and made it the rap part of it. The parts that me and Ye did was the chorus and the musical parts. Everything was done separately and a lot of different people contributed. Then Nicki did the intro and it went crazyIt's a quick-paced production with a brooding production brought by RZA, West raps in a highly melodic manner - almost singing some of his verses. It contains one sample and one interpolation. "Could we get much higher" is sampled from "In High Places" by Mike Oldfield & Nicki Minaj's intro is an interpolation of Cinderella from Roald Dahl

There's also an interesting story to how Teyana Taylor got on the hook and backing vocals! – 0nelove[Intro]
Grandpa Joe: Wh-When does he get it?
Willy Wonka: He doesn't
Grandpa Joe: Why not?
Willy Wonka: Because he broke the rules
Grandpa Joe: What rules? We didn't see any rules, did we, Charlie?
[Charlie shakes his head briefly]
Willy Wonka: [springs up from his chair, angrily] Wrong, sir! Wrong! Under section 37B of the contract signed by him, it states quite clearly that all offers shall become null and void if - and you can read it for yourself in this photostatic copy:
[grabs a magnifying glass and reads]
Willy Wonka: I, the undersigned, shall forfeit all rights, privileges, and licenses herein and herein contained, et cetera, et cetera... Fax mentis incendium gloria cultum, et cetera, et cetera... Memo bis punitor delicatum!
[slams the contract copy and the magnifying glass down, continues shouting]
Willy Wonka: It's all there, black and white, clear as crystal! You stole fizzy lifting drinks! You bumped into the ceiling which now has to be washed and sterilized, so you get nothing! You lose! Good day, sir!

[Verse 1]
The handling of a heart's a very delicate art cause it's paper thin
One irrelevant thought that started out as a spark could be a poisonous dart
That leaves a permanent mark, that's ice cold in the day and burns in the dark
And makes you never wanna see her face again
Tee-hee, what a place I'm in
Lead me to the station
A one-way ticket, don't look back
One cold tear that froze and cracked
A whole lot of pain I'm holdin' back
Chav said, "Eff that, roll the sack"
I said, "If my skull was cracked
And blood ran out to the cul-de-sac
That could not match me where I'm at"
My memories flash me there and back
Yup there goes me right there in black
Holdin' hands, not starin' back
She starts cryin' I start denying, it's my fault
And I'm aware of that
Man, in hindsight signs be glarin' back
Where's the map to show you where you're at?
I can hear the crowd yelling, I can smell the tire smoke
I can hear the starter pistol where's the track?
Ring no answer came home late
Jane told Dick she had a date
But they was just chillin' and at that moment
The right brain says to the left just kill em
Make the headlines, make the front page
Wild out in the court house man thrill 'em
They'll say, "The boy dead wrong," but I feel him[Refrain]
Be easy, you ain't really ready for war
With a bunch a live wire niggas ready for war
So be easy you ain't really ready for war
With a bunch of live wire niggas ready for war
When the drama get to poppin well be at your door
We can take it to a world you never seen before
Talk slick get your ass whipped down to the floor
Be easy, my nigga, be easy

[Verse 1]
Off top I bring the hot hot shit
That toxic
You know how I spit
That revolutionary Pac shit
Sometimes I rhyme slow, sometimes I rhyme quick
Sometimes I tell a hater to get off my dick
My flow is mega-sick
Your flow is delicate
Big cars, big guns, the bling, the rhetoric
Call me Jay Boogie
Microphone under my hoodie
You cornball rappers couldn't do nothing to me
Ultramagnetic flowetic rhyme poetic grind daily
Divine mind kinetic, I shine blind with the light of the macmilli
Seventy six trillion years I'm still here
None of you motherfuckers couldn't match me
From New York to Cakalacky, California to Tallahassee
I terrorize a wack MC
I be wilin on you
I be styling on you
I'm waging war with the devil
The Asiatic rebel is back swing

[Refrain]

[Verse 2]
Pawn to e-6 move, swift but cunning
Keep my knights on flank and my bishops gunning
My BL queen she hold me down lovely
The gravitational pulls too strong for you to budge me
It's a lyrical miracle
Pound for pound, syllable for syllable
I'm the unfuckwitable
Eighty percent of my life I was subject to ridicule
But it was the fuel that helped me to reach the pinnacle
The flow's like snowman I'm abominable
This war has scarred me but the damage was minimal
Paid dues
Slayed crews
Did my share of dirt but never made news
The God stay smooth
Made moves like Kasparov
My sins like snakeskins homie I cast em off
Meet the elite throne crusher, the god fearing zone rusher
Perform under pressure
Nobody's fresher, the soul stepper

[Refrain]

[Verse 3]
Most of you lames never heard of me
I'm the Third Ward born phenomenon
Don Juan sporting the Burberry
Dipping in the flashiest car
In the mic booth spitting the rah wah
The blase blah
Blase splee
You might find me in the D
Gettin grimey with the D-A-M- to the E
Mr Porter in the lak
Black pearl in the back
Runyon Ave pack the loud gats that say sprrrraaat
Where yo mans at now pa?
He ain't around and he never show his face when it's time for style war
I'm getting busy with the one two stick em
Let the rhythm hit em
Sound like a prism nigga who is em
Jay Electronica, lord of the rings
Baptising ya'll with fire water slaughtering kings
From Seven Mile to Magnolia we crack soldiers
Somebody shoulda told you
The rap game is over[Produced by Ryuichi Sakamoto]

[Elijah Muhammad]
If one would open up truth, such as the truth of God to the people, I do think that He's within his rights to stay out of the sight of the people until He has won everything to Himself; as the Bible refers to it like this: He's something like a king looking for a kingdom. And that He goes and he visits the people, then He leaves the people, goes away and waits until the time when that He can secure the kingdom. Then He returns to the people that He had made Himself manifest to. So I think that's a pretty good answer

[Professor Marvel]
Well, I can't do anything without consulting my crystal first. Let's go inside here, just come along, I'll show you, that's right, here. Sit down right here, that's it. This, this is the same genuine, magic, authentic crystal used by the priest of Isis and Osiris in the days of the pharaohs of Egypt. In which, Cleopatra first saw the approach of Julius Caesar and Mark Antony and so on and so on. Now you better close your eyes, my child, for a moment, in order to be better in tune with the infinite

[Verse 1: Jay Electronica]
It's frustratin' when you just can't express yourself
And it's hard to trust enough to undress yourself
To stand exposed and naked, in a world full of hatred
Where the sick thoughts of mankind control all the sacred
I pause, take a step back, record all the setbacks
Fast forward towards the stars and the jetpack
My feet might fail me, my heart might ail me
The synagogues of Satan might accuse or jail me
Strip, crown, nail me, brimstone hail me
They might defeat the flesh but they could never ever kill me
They might can feel the music but could never ever feel me
To the lawyers, to the sheriffs, to the judges
To the debt holders and the law makers
Fuck you, sue me, bill me
That name on that birth certificate, that ain't the real me
The lies can't conceal me
The sun rise and the moon tides and the sky's gon' reveal me
My brain pours water out my tear ducts to heal me
My Lord's too beneficent
The message grab a hold to every ear it get whispered in
The waters in the bayous of New Orleans still glistenin'
The universe is listenin', be careful what you say in it
My grandma told me every bed a nigga make, he lay in it
The church you go to pray in it, the work is on the outside
Staring out the windows is for love songs and house flies

[Bridge: Latonya Givens]
I've got somethin' to say
I, I've got somethin' to say

[Outro x3: Latonya Givens]
Yesterday, yesterday is gone
Tomorrow, tomorrow is on the way
You don't have time to waste
Gotta get it rightThese days a lot of niggas is wack
All I hear is who gonna bring New York back
The south is this the south is that
Slinging crack in the white tee in the trap
Sippin patron and yak
Ringo hit me up on the jack
And said man spit that spat
And leave that chicken scratch for frick and frack
Guru told me slow up the flow
Cause science and metaphors will slow up the dough so here we go Gs up hoes down
If rap was like blacks in the sixties, I'm a white cop in riot gear ready to hose down
Memo to all I'm settin you hoes down
I'll spray a sick round on any sick clown who wanna get down
From Nueva York to Chi-town
Comprende, wack rappers bow when they in the presence of the sensei
The flow is, muy caliente
Jaydolf spitler, rap hitler
One man militia
Burnin niggas live with the scripture
The sound waves shake the dead in they graves
Pro tools'll import the session from the richter
No wonder I'm the victor
If a thousand words is equivalent to a picture
Then welcome to the cinema
Shot of wheat grass in the enema
Who wanna style war with the emperor?[Intro: Winston Churchill]
Centuries ago words were written to be a call and a spur to the faithful servants of Truth and Justice. Arm yourselves, and be ye men of valor, and be in readiness for the conflict; for it is better for us to perish in battle than to look upon the outrage of our nation and our altar. As the Will of God is in Heaven, even so let it be

[Verse 1: Jay Electronica]
You know the story
When real see real, we recognize
When you see the steel flash, you petrified
Steve Jobs seen death after just retiring
Takes vision to build, God bless the dead
That’s Mac, that’s 'Pac, that’s Pun, that’s Big
Shit, niggas know the sunshine eternal
I burn slow like Disco Inferno
Burn slow like blunts with yayo
I went from Myspace to the top of the food chain
The sperm hit the egg like a missile
Then 9 months later the celebratory news came
Exhibit C gave the whole world a mood change
Electronic, niggas call my album detox
Cause they know I’m finna bring the next chronic
Roc Nation, Cole World, it's a wrap nigga
Put yo diamonds in the sky take that nigga

[Hook: Prodigy]
Yeah, put your diamonds in the sky
Wave ‘em side to side, get juxed for your shine
As time go by, we live by an eye for an eye
I’ll die for you, your drama is mine
Put your diamonds in the sky
Wave ‘em side to side, get robbed ‘fore you shine
As time go by, we live by an eye for an
I’ll die for you, your beef is mine

[Verse 2: Jay Electronica]
Uh-huh, to whom it may concern
If it’s hate, wait your turn, dig a crate, make a urn
Please God, tell Flex drop a bomb on me
Tell the Minister to tattoo the Qur'an on me
Before the men in black try to pin a crime on me
And Rupert Murdoch and his goons get to lyin' on me
The Lord is my shepherd
So tell the royal family to order my records
And spread 'em cross Europe in a organized method
We could heal the planet with a organized effort
The Jews and the Christians and the Muslims and the Buddhists
And the Sikhs and Scientologists is all of my brethren
Play this on the radio
You never heard another nigga say this on the radio
We made it out the ghetti-o
Brunch with the Rothschilds, dinner with the Carters
Jay Elect stop the press, criticalest artist

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Prodigy]
I done sat around for years daydreamin’ of this
Me and Jay biz, green gettin’ twist
Kids goin’ to school, we still on the bench
Early mornin’ yawning, no sleep, just this
Hardcore, rhymin’ like a diamond when I spit
Come hell or high water, we gon’ make it out the bricks
I done graduated gladiator school, what’s next?
From the bottom, only one way to go to the tip
Of the top, with these nonstop flows I invent
Bars so hard, shit hurt when it hit
My bars like prison bars, I’m trapped in the pens
Of this wildstyle hip-hop, the fuckin’ strongest
Rappers on the earth, it’s a curse and a gift
Black cloud follow my life, how worse could it get?
Respect, power, and money, in that exact order
I got it all, nigga, I’ll break ya lil' neck

[Hook]You look pretty today baby what you smiling at this time
You got a nigga hooked like salmon on the fishline
Smell like baby powder, strawberries, and cream
The candy man from New Orleans would like to dip you in the stream
Your rear view is panoramic
Let me hold your hand take you to my planet
Throw on some Atlantic
Starr, sippin on some glasses
Sit back relax watch time roll past ya
Now you caught up in the rapture
Better check the NASA, I'm out of this world
My dissertations be stumbling blocks with scholars at Yale
I had a double shot of Jack Daniels, no rocks with lemon
She said she could'nt trust me cause I know lots of women
"Plus, you might be too much with your alpha male syndrome"
Girl you something else with your caramel skintone
That Gucci got you feelin extra sassy
That Alexander McQueen is classy
How the hell you get pass me?
Well... I guess that's yesterdays mixup
Now blast that Carter III real loud and twist the shit up
We broke bread, she let me taste her lips just a lickle bit
"You the type of nigga I imagine huffin nickels with
You the type of nigga that they pattering the scriptures with"
Jay the most treacherous set banger
Electric neck wrangler
JVC stereo cassette mangler[Intro]
Can I kick it? (Crowd: Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Crowd: Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Crowd: Yes you can!)
Well I'm gonna (Crowd: Go on, then!)

[Verse]
Look, I can't get no satisfaction (Why?)
I'm in a whole 'nother class of rapping
Fast for 40 days and 40 nights
Until I walked on the moon like Swagger Jackson
It's a bird, it's a plane, it's a epic tale
They saw my name on the forums and the blogs
And they said, "He's a herb, he's a lame, it's a epic fail
FOH, SMH, nigga ... LOL!"
But what they didn't understand is according to statistics
I'm supposed to be hanging from my neck in jail
Or on a slab in the mortuary
Freezing with a blank stare on my face, letting off a wretched smell
I'm from the land of the smoking gun, smoking dices
On the run with the Christ from the poltergeists-es
Ducking death, chasing life like a ambulance
Candy man, USB flip cam handy man
You couldn't never catch me slipping on a grassy knoll
Or at the bottom of a well screaming "Lassie, no!"
I'm never spitting nothing lesser than a nasty cold
I'm from the era of Gazelle shades and flashy gold
A pair of Ballys, some Girbauds, and a classy Lo
A pretty dime with a neck full of baby powder
Putting time in, trying to get a baby out her
Pull her hair, squeeze her neck, bring the crazy out her[Intro. Lucy Liu]
And then there was him
Without words, he told me I was all he needed
He transformed my entire outlook on life
He made me believe again
And just like that… I was whole

I was on to something
I knew there was more
Before there was nothing
With him I had all

[The Bullitts]
Monogram hologram
Seeming realistic in a dream
My phonogram
Analogue emotions in a stream
Wave radio
Beautiful fire gasoline my love

Running like railroad train
Whistle like wind in rain
Bitter moon and sun exchange a glance
Turn away…

Close your eyes
Radio lies
Here’s dynamite sonic in real-time
This is your life
Cradle and knife
Everything grow until die

Here we go, stereo
Turning volume down again
My merry go
Mystical reflections call a pen
Write heat explode
Falling nearer to the end my love

Running like railroad train
Whistle like wind in rain
Bitter moon and sun exchange a glance
Turn away…

Close your eyes
Radio lies
Here’s dynamite sonic in real-time
This is your life
Cradle and knife
Everything grow until die

[Jay Electronica]
Have you ever had that feeling like you been falling for weeks in a well?
I was on the verge of dying like E.T. in the bald spot in the forest, right next to the speak and spell
Tryna phone home but the signal wouldn’t reach the cell
Tryna hold on a little longer teeth and nail
Without a hand to wipe the tears away from my cheek when they fell
When I couldn’t get peace from a pipe or chiefing an L
I thought of the words of pastor Dunn when he said;
“Son, at first they screamed hosanna on the highest then turned around and crucified the christ after a week in jail”
Stick to the script like paper clips and coffee stains
Never let a seed of doubt deter you from your lofty aims
The will is much stronger than the flesh
And it only grows stronger when you’re going through duress
Imagination is the factory that makes legends
Close Your Eyes and dream B.I.G. like Faith EvansGucci Prada and Vera Wang
Won't help to rebuild a city after a hurricane
Your house and your spouse
Your two car garage, the spinners under the range
Lead a nigga to believe he mastered the game
And if you don't have any of the above said material goods than you inferior
Chickens say your lame
So niggas go rob a liquor store to get em a chain
Shoot up a house party for nothin' to get em a name
Like convict, dope-man, oh that's them niggas
And if you think they're really happy go and ask them niggas
I promise you they lie
Position they fingers to throw they hood up in the sky
To tell you man look I
Know what I'm doin' is wrong but how can I survive
And when they hear songs like this to get by they cry
For a split second
Then its back the snappin' they fingers to that hit record
Let's meditate for a second[Produced by No I.D.]

[Intro: Big Sean]
I look up
Yeah and I take my time, nigga
I'ma take my time, woah
Power moves only, nigga

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Boy, I'm 'bout my business on business, I drink liquor on liquor
I had women on women, yeah, that's bunk-bed bitches
I've done lived more than an eighty year old man still kicking
Cause they live for some moments, and I live for a living
But this for the girls who barely let me get to first base
On some ground ball shit
Cause now I run my city on some town hall shit
They praying on my motherfucking downfall, bitch, like a drought, but
You gon get this rain like it's May weather
G.O.O.D. Music, Ye weather
Champagne just tastes better
They told me I never boy, never say never
Swear flow special like an infant's first steps
I got paid then reversed debts
Then I finally found a girl that reverse stress
So now I'm talking to the reaper to reverse death
Yep, so I can kick it with my granddad, take him for a ride
Show him I made something out myself and not just tried
Show him the house I bought the fam, let him tour inside
No matter how far ahead I get, I always feel behind
In my mind, but fuck trying and not doing
Cause not doing is something a nigga not doing
I said fuck trying and not doing
Cause not doing is something a nigga not doing
I grew up to Em, B.I.G. and Pac bitch, and got ruined
So until I got the same crib B.I.G. had in that Juicy vid
Bitch, I can't motherfucking stop moving
Go against me, you won't stop losing
From the city where every month is May-Day at home, spray your dome
Niggas get sprayed up like A.K. was cologne for a paycheck or loan
Yeah I know that shit ain't fair
They say Detroit ain't got a chance, we ain't even got a mayor
You write your name with a Sharpie, I write mine in stone
I knew the world was for the taking and wouldn't take long
We on, tryna be better than everybody that's better than everybody
Rep Detroit, everybody, Detroit versus everybody
I'm so fucking first class, I could spit up on every pilot
The city's my Metropolis, feel it, it's metabolic
And I'm over niggas saying they're the hottest niggas
Then run to the hottest niggas just to stay hot
I'm one of the hottest because I flame drop, drop fire
And not because I'm namedropping, Hall of Fame dropping
And I ain't taking shit from nobody unless they're O.G.'s
Cause that ain't the way of a O.G
So I G-O collect more G's, every dollar
Never changed though, I'm just the new version of old me
Forever hot headed but never got cold feet
Got up in the game won't look back at my old seats
Clique so deep we take up the whole street
I need a bitch so bad that she take up my whole week, Sean Don

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar]
Miscellaneous minds are never explaining their minds
Devilish grin for my alias aliens to respond
Peddling sin, thinking maybe when you get old you realize
I'm not gonna fold or demise
(I don't smoke crack, motherfucker, I sell it!)
Bitch, everything I rap is a quarter piece to your melon
So if you have a relapse, just relax and pop in my disc
Don't you pop me no fucking pill, I'ma pop you and give you this

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Tell Flex to drop a bomb on this shit
So many bombs, ring the alarm like Vietnam on this shit
So many bombs, make Farrakhan think that Saddam in this bitch
One at a time, I line them up
And bomb on they mom while she watching the kids
I'm in a destruction mode if the gold exists
I'm important like the Pope, I'm a Muslim on pork
I'm Makaveli's offspring, I'm the King of New York
King of the Coast, one hand, I juggle them both
The juggernaut's all in your jugular, you take me for jokes
Live in the basement, church pews and funeral faces
Cartier bracelets for my women friends, I'm in Vegas
Who the fuck y'all thought it's supposed to be?
If Phil Jackson came back, still no coaching me
I'm uncoachable, I'm unsociable, fuck y'all clubs
Fuck y'all pictures, your Instagram can gobble these nuts
Gobble dick up 'til you hiccup, my big homie Kurupt
This the same flow that put the rap game on a crutch (West x6)
I've seen niggas transform like villain Decepticons
Mollies'll prolly turn these niggas to fucking Lindsay Lohan
A bunch of rich ass white girls looking for parties
Playing with Barbies, wreck the Porsche before you give them the car key
Judgement to the monarchy, blessings to Paul McCartney
You called me a black Beatle, I'm either that or a Marley
(I don't smoke crack, motherfucker, I sell it)
I'm dressed in all black, this is not for the fan of Elvis
I'm aiming straight for your pelvis, you can't stomach me
You plan on stumping me?
Bitch I’ve been jumped before you put a gun on me
Bitch I put one on yours, I'm Sean Connery
James Bonding with none of you niggas, climbing 100 mil in front of me
And I'm gonna get it even if you're in the way
And if you're in it, better run for Pete's sake
I heard the barbershops be in great debates all the time
Bout who's the best MC? Kendrick, Jigga and Nas
Eminem, Andre 3000, the rest of y'all
New niggas just new niggas, don't get involved
And I ain't rocking no more designer shit
White T’s and Nike Cortez, this red Corvette's anonymous
I'm usually homeboys with the same niggas I'm rhyming with
But this is hip-hop, and them niggas should know what time it is
And that goes for Jermaine Cole, Big K.R.I.T., Wale
Pusha T, Meek Millz, A$AP Rocky, Drake
Big Sean, Jay Electron', Tyler, Mac Miller
I got love for you all but I'm tryna murder you niggas
Trying to make sure your core fans never heard of you niggas
They don't wanna hear not one more noun or verb from you niggas
What is competition? I'm trying to raise the bar high
Who tryna jump and get it? You're better off trying to skydive
Out the exit window of five G5s with five grand
With your granddad as the pilot he drunk as fuck trying land
With the hand-full of arthritis and popping prosthetic leg
Bumpin Pac in the cockpit so the shit that pops in his head
Is an option of violence, someone heard the stewardess said
That your parachute is a latex condom hooked to a dread
West Coast

[Verse 3: Jay Electronica]
You could check my name on the books
I Earth Wind & Fire’d the verse, then rained on the hook
The legend of Dorothy Flowers proclaimed from the roof
The tale of a magnificent king who came from the nooks
Of the wild magnolia, mother of many soldiers
We live by every single word she ever told us
Watch over your shoulders
And keep a tin of beans for when the weather turns the coldest
The Lord is our shepherd, so our cup runneth over
Put your trust in the Lord but tether your Chevy Nova
I’m spitting this shit for closure
And God is my witness, so you could get it from Hova
To all you magicians that’s fidgeting with the cobra
I’m solid as a rock, ‘cause I came from a rock
That’s why I came with the rock, then signed my name on the Roc
Draw a line around some Earth, then put my name on the plot
Cause I endured a lot of pain for everything that I got
The eyelashes like umbrellas when it rains from the heart
And the tissue is like an angel kissing you in the dark
You go from blind sight to hindsight, passion of the Christ
Right, to basking in the limelight, it take time to get your mind right
Jay Electricity, PBS Mysteries
In a lofty place, tangling with Satan over history
You can’t say shit to me, الحمد لله‎
It’s strictly by faith that we made it this far[Verse One: Naledge]
Naledge your idol, The highest title, numero uno
Speakin' from my mind and I'm spittin' so that you know
I got a gift on the microphone
A blessin' up from Heaven to enlight your dome
Synonymous, unique and complete
Put the world at my feet through the words that I speak
Double O track the beat, we clockin' doe
Pissy drunk at Star Shoes and we poppin' Mo'
Need at least 10 stacks before we start the show
And at least 5 mo' befo' we out the do'
Don't understand? Well that's 15 flat
No need to worry, Matty M handles that
D solo make sure my rider is straight
Shrimp fried rice and Mongolian steak
Long neck Corona and my aura is great
Arturo Gatti style, takin' shots to the face
Patron tequila while I'm vibin' to Anita
Baker, Rapture album while it's bumpin' through my speaker
New millennium style, a child of the 80's
Soul of the 70's and rebel like the 60's
Argyle Lacoste and Air Force crispy
Cut, clean as a whistle, spinnin' 360
Used to dream of hittin' them homers at Wrigley
Rap star, Believe It Or Not just like Ripley

[Hook: Naledge]
Cool...relax
C'mon just vibe with me
As I take you on a lyrical odyssey

[Jay Electronica]
I say cool...relax
C'mon just ride with me
As I take you on a trip in the mind of me
Me, me, me, me

[Verse Two: Jay Electronica]
It's Jay Renaissance Man, On the Red Eye from France
Passers by say the meteoric rise was happenstance
But everything is illuminated in retrospect
So I expect respect from the less introspect-
-ful on the next go, now lets go
Jay Quetzo, niggas know the manifesto
Came in the game like presto
Unsigned hype, the five mics
Emcees is blinded by the light
Blinded by the right, right hook off the jab
Dip, I'm swift with the lyrical gift
Niggas is stiff, I'm fluid
That's how I pillage through the game like the druids
Now everybody and they mama askin around who is
Jay Electrotherapy, niggas in shock
I'm a workhorse, sending rappers into the workforce
It's the Chitown, New Orleans with jeans sprrrrrrrrat
Take that, and bow down to the king naamean

[Hook]

[Verse Three: Naledge]
I'm so glad I ain't gotta answer calls no more
No more coffee trips, buyin' chips from the store
Puttin' cheeses on a table for a meetin' that I can't attend
At my desk late night, pad and a pen
Sippin' a Henn
Nigga just wonderin' when
I'll get a chance to represent for the City Of Wind
Robert and Helen raised me, streets of the Chi made me
Doe like a pastry
Hungry niggas hate me
Fans at my shows and they souping me like some biscuits and some gravy
Long way from rhymin' and rappin' 'bout my Mercedes
DJ's played me, now they gotta play me
Sittin' in my room thinkin' I was goin' crazy
Waitin' for a label to decide if they wanna pay me
Swearin' I was Jay-Z
Took everything I had just to not get lazy
But I stood Firm like Foxy, Nas and AZ
Knowin' in my heart that my skills was impeccable
More than respectable
Good to get a check or two
Especially special over the bass and the treble
Sayin' I'm drivin' gotta put the pedal to the metal
So here we go with no further ado
Naledge the prince of the Chi, representin' for you

[Hook]