[Prod. by The Breed]

[Joe Budden]
Tell me how long are we suppose to act like this?
We won't never get on track like this
How can I ever tell you how I feel if you react like this?
You call me over here to talk not get attacked like this
Its funny
Got your track shoes on but what you running from
Shit I know where you going and where you coming from
That’s immaturity showing, its just the baby in you
One of the reasons why I never put a baby in you
Tired of hearing how you’ll never trust me again
How you love me, then you hate me, then you love me again
One minute I’m your soul-mate then it’s fuck me again
Until you get horny enough and wanna fuck me again
But check it
I just wanna treat you good and do better
You think I’m running around trying to be the hoods Hugh Heffner
Saying I’m all about hoes, when I’m all about you
Even when I’m with my hoes, I tell them all about you
Say that’s just one reason I keep losing you
I don’t understand it, that shit is confusing too
You left me, I’m doing me, you doing you
So what the fuck is me doing me have to do with you
How dare you tell me its tougher for you?
Like I don’t hear about them niggas you fucking with too
I had never knew you thought like that (damn)
Who knew you was into sports like that
More prayers because they all players
You out there having a ball, player
Ball player after ball player
I mean you with the ball players more than ball players
Hope they ain't fucking you and making you they ball-player
Come to me, I just get a hard time
Why they give one to you, is this what you wanna do?
With me you get an attitude, you get all stuck up
Start calling me a fuck up until I tell you shut the fuck up
Yeah
But the part I don’t respect is
You so cool with every other one of your exes
Its history between us, all ain't right either
Back and forth domestic, all they flights either
Be wanting you close to me
Supposedly, you say you over me
That just comes across as a joke to me
Because you ain't got the kind of love that expires
Worst case, you’ll get tired, tell your friends I'm a liar
Tried therapy when we felt it going sour
That’s 400 dollars every hour
For him to come and mediate, referee, be our interpreter
Tell me I need to lower my voice, don’t curse at her
Says she’s only frustrated because I keep hurtin' her
Tell me despite all that, he can tell that I worship her
Soon as you let your guard down, I get it up again
Fixing it is too much work, so I give up again
But I wanna spend the rest of my life with you
Make a wife with you, make it alright with you
But how are you ever suppose to think that I’m right for you
When all I ever do is treat you like a recyclable
Disgraceful and you want me to chase you
But its easier for me to replace you
Because I see it like
If you can't deal with what we go through
I got bitches lined up, I got an ego too
And to them I’m everything
Funny, I'm great and I’m charming
But to you I’m alarming, all I do is bring harm in
To you, I’m the cause of all your misery
Of course I disagree, you going off our history
All that arguing just ain't my style
Because that anger now got us like strangers now
You tell me I should get help and I’m sick in the head
You found make up on the sheets, I had a bitch in our bed
But wait, I ain't love her though, I ain't fuck her though
I could dead that bitch right now man, fuck that ho
You just think I'll get another and another ho
Way you talk to me its like I got a whole club of hoes
But I could switch gears, make them all disappear
You going through my phone like I got a bitch in there
We discussing chicks after they through
They don’t matter to me, but for some reason they matter to you
We keep having the same threesome
But not kind of come as a blessing – nah
You keep bringing up my last girl
Like she ain't my past girl like you ain't the reason she present
Check it
You ain't gotta worry about me and her
If I wanted to be with her I would be with her
Yeah we hung together
Strip clubs had fun together
But that’s done, don't sweat her
You the only one I wanna do a bid with
Live with, share my last name, have kids with
Can't be understated anytime we ever dated
You compare me in your head to some nigga you created
I’m a long way from perfect, I got shit with me
Still I want you to love me unconditionally
9 years in, I don’t deserve what you giving me
Like you get a victory by acting like a dick to me
Want me to see how it feels, I get the trickery
Lesson learned though, you my missing piece
Give another chance to your ex
You don’t pick up the phone, you don’t answer my texts
Bitch
We ain't give it all that we got
Still ain't empty the clip, lets give it one more shot
Or
We can go ahead on our own
I need you I can’t do this alone

(But you keep running away)[Intro: Fabolous]
You see, what I can't understand
Is how somebody have a life-time friend
Who they've been through thick and thin with
And they just fall out over the simplest shit, man
But that same person will be in a relationship with a triflin ass mo'fucka
But they keep taking them back!
Shit is crazy...

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
The Karma of fucking over a good person
Is the asshole you end up with
Get a taste of your own medicine
Funny, you the one who end up sick
Always took you back, even though it made my friends upset
Told me I should blow you off, haven’t got that wind up, yet
Know how many days I’ve hurt, many nights I’ve been up stressed
Thought that we had been in love, maybe I’ve just been obsessed
When you crossed me, you lost me
Now if I was guarding Derrick Rose
I would be more understanding but you ain't Derrick Rose
You was my number one, but uuuhmm, you ain't Derrick Rose
You try to make a point again, you ain’t Derrick Rose
You just on some bullshit, bitch, you ain’t Derrick Rose
I’m a lover and a fighter, fight for what I love
But you made something of, bitches I think nothing of
Ask myself why I fight when it’s long been over
God gives the hardest battles to the strongest soldiers
So I fight for us, as long as there is reason to
You wanted to give up on us as long as there is season two
Cool, you’re gonna need me one day
And if it’s Sunday, that one day gonna be Monday
That’s how fast things change sometimes
Niggas play the tough role, I Ving Rhames sometimes
Like, like, like I don't want that bitch back
I mean, I want her, but I don’t want the bitch back
She said she want him, but she don’t want that nigga back
That nigga act like I ain’t have a nigga back

[Hook]
You’re gonna need me someday
You’re gonna want me back in your heart

[Interlude: Joe Budden]
So much pain in this sample
So much pain in some of our hearts
I just want a pain-free heart
I don't ask for much
Fab, what's good though
Let's talk to her real quick...

[Verse 2: Joe Budden]
Let me start with ‘I love you’ , I think that we have the power to grow
Woulda gave up, but it ain’t no coward in Joe
Funny thing about it all is you checked my Twitter every hour or so
And then you bring this fake shit to our reality show
Been however many years looking for devotion, it’s weird
Your feelings but I put them into motion
I dictate the what’s and why’s, the how and when
You ain’t learn to separate your now from then
I keep my distance, ‘cause when I’m near, my head is hurting
Exhausted every road to friendship, but its never working
Me, I met the sweetest girl, you know ya'll met in person
Bottom line, I made you then made a better version
I tried to give you good advice, but you ain’t heed it
Must’ve figured you ain’t need it, but all I can do is seed it
Told you you’re gonna fuck around and end up sick
You chose dick from this nigga off the New York Knicks
My Nig...you’re so spiteful, that ain’t the way we act
That cock was inserted in you, how could it pay me back?
I know you said when we were over you'd start aiming bigger
But you can’t have anonymity with famous niggas
I know you’re thinking my happiness is a front
How would you ever know? Happiness is what you wanted
So unidentifiable when that harm'll never let up
You fucked me real good, but karma fucked you better

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Teyana Taylor]
You never miss a good thing till it leave you
Finally I realize I don’t need you
You want me back, you know you’re gonna need me back
Gotta have me back, yeah
Heartbroken when you left my world
Boy, you know you should’ve kept this girl, I was there for you
Now I don’t know what you gonna do without me, baby
That was the last thing I said to you
I notice you know its dead end with you

[Outro: Teyana Taylor]
You’re gonna want me back, you’re gonna want me back
You’re gonna want me back
You’re gonna need me one day
You’re gonna want me back in your heart[Part 1]
My path for tomorrow is relaxing at full throttle
Born to be a leader but a tough act to follow
Bet on me at all costs in spite of my cash
So if I can’t afford the Waldorf, I can afford to fall off
Stories over greatness, no stopping my zone
I’m bumping Roman’s Revenge but I’m plotting my own
Like a prophecy in case niggas haven’t learned not to bother me
Before you send your shots, just check my return policy
Could do without the leeches, shoes without the creases
Miami Heat hater but I do the South Beaches
For any drama I be calling up monsters
I ain't Gilbert I never met a Wall I can’t conquer
Ruger aimed if I’m who you try and belittle
I learned it’s hard to get justice when you try and be civil
Whatever the future holds I can live with the day
Some niggas will sell their soul but some will give it away
And that’s the devil in disguise they window of opportunity is minimized
Simplified, check what I exemplify
Bitch nigga, here’s something for you to generalize
Estate out by Tenafly, pool houses, winterized
Play in that water, you bound to get your feet wet
Only rapper with nothing to hide, me and G-Dep
My shorty might disagree with that sentiment
If I keep something from you, I promise it’s all innocent
Bitches gon get you with that fake out beat
Won’t let them Media Takeout me
A made nigga gotta know I’m dealing with me
Gotta put up with a lot of hate
Before you say you love me how much of it can you tolerate
You can’t talk about marriage and giving birth
If you hit the dirt anytime you think I lift a skirt
It grows tiresome every time you get berserk
Plus if you abandon home over what was just a flirt
Without a care, I’ll just chuck Deuces
My skin will turn numb and you’ll be stuck with what your truth is
Then you’ll feel a way thinking I should have resisted
Then you’ll start to see a side of me you never knew existed
Cause you’ve never seen me act like a jerk
I know women will provoke you and get mad when it works
Rather reserved and that always makes matters the worst
Cause I go on about my business and not act like it hurts
But wait, it’s to the point I gotta ask myself
Why the fuck is it so easy to detach myself
Maybe it ain't you, just something I lack myself
But if these wounds are self inflicted I can patch myself
Now listen I could give a fuck bout how them other niggas treated you
If your ass was that perfect they would be with you
I don’t care if you dime’d out
You’ll say your the best I’ll ever have and I’ll say I’m willing to find out
Wait, I’m thinking bout our bond and what happened to it
If you ain't lifting the burden, you probably adding to it
She say my logic’s wild and it’s sick to her
She say I’m all for self and don’t consider her
She feel like she don’t have a voice in this relationship
I’m thinking boo you got a choice so why you taking it
Certain shit I wouldn’t stand for
I’m giving her my all but she demands more
I wish she would understand more
Certain shit you couldn’t plan for
I’m guessing if I love you and you're worth it
I should take some time out and figure if you deserve this
But you just think that I’m full of it
We both come from backgrounds of bullshit
I’m fortunate that ain't what you see in me
I’ll stop lying to you once you start believing me……

[Part 2]
But I’m always who you wanna bring the questions to
It’s less about me hiding shit and more about protecting you
It’s totally different the way our minds are made up
To me flirting’s natural, to her it’s cause for break up
To me it’s human nature she disagree with the logic
Confusing being monogamous with being robotic
I talk to other girls, I interact with em
You shouldn’t take that as tryna get in the sack with them
Just know how I act with you is how I act alone
I signed up for a girl not a chaperon
Besides that plan’ll backfire and I’ll dishonor her
She don’t take my word and now I feel I’m being monitored
And I want you to be the one that I endured the longest
Accept me at my weakest, support me at my strongest
Bring something to the table though, earn ya keep
Then I’ll triple it and all I ask in return is peace
Ain't with the arguing shit all the time
You see I’m honest to a fault but is it yours or mine
I put you through some things where you could have bolted
You want honesty or rather shit be sugar coated
I’ll put you on a list of people screaming fuck me too
Do you want a pretty lie or the ugly truth?
Truth is you got some things that you gotta learn too
When everything that concerns me don’t concern you
Truth is you gotta a couple tainted views
And you bring up my ex as if I couldn’t do the same with you
Truth is you want me the dude that kept it realer
Truth is you’re too emotional and need a better filter
No third party will ruin our plan
I’d hate for you to be the girl who’s too consumed with her man
So I want you to have your own plans
You to have you own ends, you to have your own life
You to have your own friends and I’ll be right beside you
I can tell that you pride full
Cause you don’t bring up problems that you got with me till I do
You say that I’m out a lot and that I ain't here enough
You take care of me and I’ll take care of us
I’d love to put a child in you and live lavish
But my baby momma scared me, let me tell you bout my baggage
We could have a son and break up and be done
And now I’ll never see him again
As you take him and run
You gon’ tell him that he’s fatherless
Tell him that I’m cowardly
You’ll have some resentment so you’ll start acting childishly
You’ll rape me in court cause of course you’ll have it out for me
To you it may sound absurd but for me it’s a reality
Still at times where it seems like you’re not proud of me
Though I’m showing you the best man I know how to be
But you keep saying show me more
You’d appreciate me better had you known me before
You’ve never been cheated on
Had another chick in your house in your bed
You, you ain't seen the worst time
Hit you with that old move
Take you to a flick that I’ve already seen with another broad
But pretend like it’s my first time
And, nah you don’t know how that sound
On the phone with you, while she quiet in the background
Bunch of shit that I ain't in a hurry to do
So before you beef, know that he got buried for you
I dont tell you that for points, nah, you can keep the brownies
I tell you so that you know I was mature when you found me
Tell you so you know that little boy shit that I get annoyed with
You should keep it coy with, cause all that is, is stress for me
I’m not ya ex baby girl, you not a catch for me
I mean respectfully, certain shit I’m not a glutton for
For every bad bitch, there’s a nigga tired of fucking her
But you could be my wife forever
Let’s grow old live life together
Vacay, catch flights, take pictures
Everything that my last broad always wanted but got a beef with me when she asked for it...[Verse 1 - Joe Budden]
Baby girl told me in my sleep I was talkin
So it's only natural I asked her what I said? (said)
She said she woke up when she heard
But she was so damn tired she couldn't make out a word" (out a word)
She said she was tryin to see if eventually I would scream the name of a bird (bird)
I told her that's absurd ('surd), and then gave her the face like "word?" (word)
And then she replied yeah, said it was quite weird, said she was type scared
I said "that's a side effect that you get
When you trade bad dreams for some great nightmares" ('mares)
When I close my eyes (eyes), I escaped the Poltergeist
My escape from reality, just what I needed
Brings me to a place where shorty never cheated (hey!)
And even if she tried and succeeded
In this other world I wouldn't even get heated
Fuck (fuck) the details, I don't care about why
I'm chillin with my grandmother, she ain't die (she ain't die)
I was browsing online and seen Mike on a banner
That said "you can be like me and beat cancer"
Anything I touched, I'd feel (feel)
No inspection but it seemed so real (real)
Was leavin out the casino with a nympho
Yes, Rae, it can be so simple (oh)
Here's how I arrive a problem with my kin folk
Learn how to build me a house with no win-dows
And that's when I think I saw a ribbon in the sky but it wasn't from an in-tro
Cause where I'm at is no rumors or gossip but still got love for Ms. In-fo
She said in my sleep I'd be laughin, but shit be funny to me (oh)
Look, my ice cream was two hundred degrees
If it dripped, I'd get a hole in my dungarees
See, my anonymity is my protection (what else?)
And me and hip-hop have no connection (what else?)
Which got me to reflectin, is that why the mirror won't show my reflection?
When I close my eyes, there's no dollars
So we can scratch that one as an excuse (or)
Or why folks do the things they do (or)
Or why people act so brand new (let's go)
I had wings on flyin out a prison with a ratchet
Was only there cause someone snitched
Look (look here), no one's poor but no one's rich
Just my way of creepin if life's a bitch
Took a walk on the ceiling just to get my mind right
That was yesterday (so), so in hindsight
Since I was able to haul off
I took it as God tellin me I'll never fall off (off)
Got rid of name brands in the jewelry (why?)
Most people just use it as medicine
Like it take 'em somewhere they ain't never been (but)
But here you better off not better than (oh!)
Stuck in the room with a elephant
Opened the closet and dapped up my skeleton
Had a convo with a man with no ears
And all of a sudden everything became so clear (clear)
Have no fear, I just bought a first class trip to nowhere - everybody goes there
But they don't stay the whole year, me? I got three hundred and sixty-five shows there
My girl said in my sleep, I'd be walkin (walkin), so I ask baby, where I go?
Uh, she said I be walkin slow
But she don't ever want to get out of bed, so she don't know
I went to see a man walkin on water (and)
Asked if he'd ever get things back in order (and)
I've been there two years, over a quarter
But everytime I open my eyes, it's like torture (torture)
He said "please, I gave you a whole 'nother world for you to go do with as you please
Just so you appeased, mixed with a couple of signs about real life while you make believe"
So I (so I), teleported out of there with a grin
Met a bum with a mansion, invited me in
Then (then), we politiced, about politics
Said somethin about Def Jam, I ain't acknowledge it
I went to see a virgin with AIDS, yeah I thought about smashin that (why?)
Yeah her ass was fat
So appealin, tattoo on her inner thigh said
"she doin better than she was feelin" (feelin)
I think I seen shorty before (like), maybe in a club or somethin
Or, maybe in VIP, but wasn't nobody there but me
And the club was all red (red)
Then she started playin with my head (my head)
And then I came
Then I asked shorty, "what's her name?"
And it was weird cause she fucked around, disappeared (uh, 'peared)
Like what a cruel joke (look)
Cig lit but from it was no smoke
Flicked in the ash tray and seen Stack's face
Flash through a school hallway on a half day
Was gettin chased, couldn't tell by who (or)
Then a hallway turned into a cliff (what else?)
Screamin piff before I was dead
Some coward chopped my ass up out that bed
Then baby girl told me in my sleep, I was screamin (screamin)
So I said that's a lie (that's a lie)
She put her right hand in the sky and said "you was, but I don't know
Why, got to go, goodbye" (goodbye, goodbye ...)[Lead in: Fabolous]
Ay yo, sit back relax, sip ya Cognac, young insomniac
Cause you sleep the 'hood will wash you like a laundromat
Sneak attack and trap from cats who pop collar
In fact your dog will be on a shirt like a Rottweiler

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
Some say I'm funny style, I say I'm "getting money style"
Niggas get shot every day, shit ain't even funny now
The streets is hungry, I remember how my tummy growled
I was just a bummy child, now they see me come in Childs
Made a mill, my life is looking yummy now
Learned from being broke don't get rich and be a dummy now
Cause rap niggas turning mummy now
Hosting all black parties, eyes teary, nose runny now
So warn your brothers, yeah them carats cost a hundred thou
But when it's over, that's all folks, Bugs Bunny style
Ain't see it before, my eyes is 20/20 now
Used to keep it a hunnid, them niggas funny money now
So I got the two-seater, keep your honey from me now
Paint white, seats tan, shit look honey bunny now
Yeah, shout out to homies on the Ave still
There's no Love in the game, that's how the Cavs feel

[Verse 2: Paul Cain]
Yo my mind's hard-wired for crime, career crook
From the cradle that's just how I'm designed
Certified street king, I'm the last of my kind
For how he lived, not for the way that he died, is how a man is defined
These new niggas, quick to shoot without looking, blind fury
All pussy, when the wolfpack loose they hide jury
They hide when I fly by, high in that 5 Series
Don't care how cool you think they is, don't bring them guys near me
Never trust a soul, fuck what the 'hood think
First they took Stack from us, then they took Chinx
Survival of the fit, the hunger is real
My city is like a concrete jungle for real
Kill or be killed in my mindset since I was twelve
Getting money, eating good with my people and live well
If I don't find heaven on Earth, I raise hell
You see hellfire, escape from the barrel, I blaze shells
To this day I ask my man, "How the fuck we escape cells"?
The few who understand me, they come from the same hell
This shit I say is shocking, you stepped on a third rail
You gotta feel me to know what I'm saying -- Cain braille

[Verse 3: Joe Budden]
See I normally leave the classics alone
Normally no B&E's without a map of the home
Formally, I don't compare, all these rappers is clones
You ever sat on the throne, spattering poems, I massacre homes
But these new niggas beef different, they just send a sub at em
Me, I'm still tinting the hoop, cocking the snub at em
Niggas don't fuck wit 'em, I don't give a fuck again
LeBron-inspired, musta thought I needed Love to win
Smoke and mirrors, gotta be an illusion
You never see me disputing, I delete the confusion
I scoop my nigga in that two-seater, we moving
Soon as he extend an arm, we gon' reach a conclusion
You niggas never felt that pain, it's like torture
When the shooter never come in for Teague (fatigue), like Korver
Nigga whole existence is to take them pies off ya
When you see him you might often know that niggas might off ya[Prod. by KDot]

[Intro: Child's voice]
Mic check, mic check
One two, one two
New Joe Budden!

[Bridge: Joe Budden]
Uhh
Please somebody help my soul (x4)
Talk to 'em (talk to 'em)

[Verse 1: Joe Budden]
I let the Man have a talk with the beast in me
I'm holding onto my last bit of decency
I need a vacay, a change of scenery
But mama said wherever I'mma go, I'm taking me with me
I told her shit is on my mind and it's been eating me
She got me pissing in a cup, she don't believe in me
It's not the drugs that got me out of my zone
Going days without eating, in a crowd I feel alone, mama
Then she ask why it seems I never sleep at night
I told her when I close my eyes my brain just keeps the fight
She said my friends wanna have an intervention with me
I speak to niggas daily, that was never mentioned to me
She told me there's a higher power and a lower power
And that I'll die if I don't find the strength to overpower
Then I replied, "well aren't we all"?
She said "yeah, but that should be on God's terms, not yours"

[Hook: Emanny]
My every thought is scary
And it makes it hard to breathe again
Like I'm blinded while I'm staring in the mirror
Asking God to help me see again, please help me
But He tells me I'm only human
And that I'll be back on my feet again, please help me
But they act like I'm more than human
I prove them wrong again
Don't fault me I'm only human

[Verse 2: Joe Budden]
Tryin' to weather the storm
I thought that black cloud was gone
It's been beside me all along, not the song
I wanna sit in silence, don't speak for a minute
Tired of being strong, please let me be weak for a minute
Kinda thought that my disease tried to kill your man first
It was easy to get my hands on 30 milligram Percs, worse
Can't be depression, couldn't have it this long
So many secrets I only told through a glass of Patron, my nigga
Speaking of secrets, that's when I got the Kaylin text
Read it and cried, couldn't believe what she was saying next
She said "you're going through a lot
I'm hoping you ain't in the grave and dead
Cause not too many people know your brain's a mess"
Who knew that she was keeping track of it all?
I wrote back "lol" but wasn't laughing at all
I ain't tell her just the other day that that gun was in my lap
Pen and pad in my hand, and I was writing a note
Didn't get far, as soon as I wrote down "mom" I just stopped
Couldn't lie to her, couldn't figure out how to say bye to her
Couldn't explain the "why" to her
Couldn't picture her getting a call or somebody saying her son had died to her
And shortly after that my pastor called
Which at first I kinda thought it was weird
But that convo preserved me, 'bout God's grace and mercy
He ain't even say goodbye, he said "let us pray"
And then he went into a prayer, gripped the phone, closed my eyes
Just so happy he appeared nigga shed another tear
Maybe he could sense that something had the god devoured
Just thankful he shed some light upon my darkest hour
All my thoughts are corrupt, this shit is whack
If everybody calls you a duck, will you just quack?
Guess a part of me really gives a fuck, way in the back
Cause when I had that burner ready to bust, I didn't clap
Joe

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Guess I'm insanity's definition
Trying to step over in sanity's repetition
But I can't it got me tripping
Whatever love we had was dead that night
Looking back, we both needed cooler heads that night
Was going off no sleep, eyes red that night
While you was drunk texting me, I hope I read that right
You was beefing bout Giselle, beefing bout Alexa
Suddenly you was jealous, must've thought that I had sexed her
I was laughing, thought it was funny
Giselle's the homie, Alexa's twenty
With hip withdrawals
Nothing bout your story shoulda been sticking at all
I wouldn't dick her at all
I'm guessing, maybe you were insecure and never knew me
Was there for four months, yet you said this was a new me
In your head, guess the answer to this jealousy
Was to turn around and try to make me jealous, B
But the part that you neglect
Was never mind jealousy, this was 'bout respect
Y'all Instagramming pictures, trying to get me upset
You turned that into a night we both would never forget
We both said some things we both probably regret
You was lying to my face and them dots didn't connect, but cool
Only picked you up to try and talk sense into you
Now I'm fucking homeboy up, just off the principle
I guess he caught him self antagonizing me
But he's a young nigga, that's no surprising me
Shit I done fucked some of the baddest hoes
I left shorty weeks ago, you can have this ho
I guess the part where I lose
Is now they got my face plastered all over the news, I'm being falsely accused
And I don't understand, was this all part of a plan?
I guess I'll tell the whole truth when on the stand
How you go and tell the cops I had guns in my house?
Now they got a search warrant, just to come to my house
Question: were your feelings worth taking my tomorrow's, kid?
And you know Jersey gun laws, I'm talking hollow tips
So you can tell them niggas you roll with whatever you want
But you and I know what's going on
Nigga that whole night just replays in my mind
Your face is fine, this is a big waste of time
Let's get back to that jealousy
Now you got a nigga facing three felonies
All for what, cause we were no longer dealing
You attack me, but I'm the villain, over a fucking iPhone and feelings
Check, you never see me act like a jerk
I know women will provoke you and get mad when it works
Rather reserved and that always makes matters the worst
Cause I go on about my business and not act like it hurts, but wait
So now the whole world is watching me get burned here
Which is fine, there's a lesson to be learned here
Which is only fuck with strippers and the bartenders
Anytime there's a pole in the bar centered
So even though it's from afar now
I still wish you the best, I know your heart's tender
I'm sorry all, I just got my own scars to tend to
Signing off, truly yours, with love, God's sinner

[Hook] (x2)[Prod. by 8 Bars]

[Verse 1]
It go - off of my sabbatical
Took a few years cause Slaughter is what I had to do
Which only brings me to now and I ought to be erratical
I say that cause my autobiographical is more so just a graph of you
I ain't mad, you did more than what I asked of you
As for me, I did less than what I could've
So though we were a hit I had to cancel that show
And now my standing solo, I'll be amped when she not a ho
But what you doing right now is real commendable
Take strength to do
Cause between us there's some deep root stare
I gave you the best dick you ever got in your life
And stupid me thought it would be enough to keep you there
I thought you loved football
I was running through the hole with the stiff arm
But got disarmed, guess it was just harm
I ain't need to fuck, I was looking for a peer
They say once you stop looking what you looking for appears
You were stronger than I pictured you, much stronger than me
And almost just as strong as John
And John, oh, that's just a friend of my moms
With tubes coming out his nose, but shit I never knew why
But he was born with his heart in the right side of his chest
No, for real, his heart is in the right side of his chest
Doctors confused, they must do what they can do
But impute and say it ain't on the right side of his chest
Scared he might die in his sleep, deep
Every time he coughs wonders if it's a cough or a symptom
Us will get better later
He gon' live his whole life waking up every morning to a respirator
So I don't never say what I can't do
If he can be happy with life than nigga I can too
While Jose wanna die
Ain't tell nobody, but eyeing his eyes feel I should probably identify
I said everyday he lives with pain and want to end it
Something's wired wrong in your brain, you gotta mend it
Had a bad breakup and let it expose dude
But if she was getting you high then she would get you low too
So who's there to wait on me?
Y'all just get it off y'all and put the weight on me
Nigga look me in my eyes, it was amazing to me
And said she don't understand you not as crazy as me
You got gall, nigga, I'm the most mentally flawed nigga
You not even built to withstand what all I've endured, nigga
You know shit about the thoughts in my head
Or the strength I need daily just to get out of bed
Just to open my eyes, nigga, open your eyes
The words spoken of wise, you just know it in disguise
We can end this right here, I got nothing more to say to you
You ain't never met another fucking nigga crazier
Blank stare, couldn't believe 'em
Cat chastised me cause I got help when you need some
I can give less than a fuck and not a damn
I never be apologetic over who I am
I'm the same me, nothing changes when the riches do
But niggas wanna suck you dry just like the bitches do
They enter your mentions, sucks to be the center of attention
When you can't even center your attention
Yeah, so I'm fucking out of frustration
They love every second and accuse me of persuasion
Jam was a cancer to me, I had to rid it
Red got in her feelings fast, but won't admit it
Dawn I was bored then, never really smithen
V got threatened by the thought of competition
Malo wanna fuck all day, don't know how
She why I got a Viagra in my wallet right now
Step kept it simple, loved me for my mental
B got a nigga, but she used me as her rental
And you, you just give me resistance
Say you needed comfort zone, for you it's distance
I tell 'em all I'm not available emotionally
They start giving me advice like they coaching me
I don't even ask it
It's something about bipolar sociopath shit
They just find it attractive
Yeah, anti-social, but I mingle now
But I've been arguing much more since I've been single, how?
Tell me is this a relationship or just a fuckship?
Whatever situation it is it's all fuck shit
I'll admit it, I might love her a bit differently
As for them they'll all love to see a different me
Some cried to me, some are begging for it
Someone'll see that change, but not be present for it
You just act so frightened
Ignoring all logic now, she won't buy in
Even in your absence my feelings are heightened
Though I know some love's lost, it's not on my end
It's not mine, it's not mine at all[Verse 1]
Let's go back in the days before your present
Back when it was a little more pleasant
Before I knew this rap shit would ever lure me in
Let's go back like Mike Fox in the Delorean
Back in the day shit, back to the basics
When brass knuckles used to leave a nigga face ticked
Its back to the Diadoras and the Asics
It's back to the New Edition and The Take 6

[Hook]
I'm #1-1-1-1
Damn it feels good to see hip-hop saying somethin'

[Verse 2]
Let's go way back if you able to do the math yeah
I'm talkin' bout the cool table in the cafe yeah
When the strip was introduced to pedico
Commodore 64 and Coleco
Not back to Cali back to the valley
Back to Dapper Dan y'all back to Bally's
Back before Boomerang, Strange'
Before Zhané and go a little further back to Kwame
Damn we came a long way

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I remember break dancing cardboards and backflips
The royal blue and the orange Patricks
Wasn't like you homo suckas
I had the low top Converses, I could change my logo's color
I remember way back when every clan was stylin'
Flava Flav clocks and X-Clan medallions
In class see a girl you glance at her
Pass her a note, do you like me? Circle a answer

[Hook]

[Verse 4]
Winters not the best time warm it up Kane had came through
The eight ball jackets and Columbia Rain suits
We ain't pay minds to the length of our chains
Transformers was a dance Decepticons was a gang
Y'all I'm talkin bout sheep skins
Talkin' bout wearin' two pair of jeans when moms gave me a beatin'
After school three o'clock we was able to fight
Park dibs y'all two turn tables and mike like

[Hook]

[Verse 5]
What about when Public Enemy came out and they dropped a classic
Or the Pee-Wee Herman and the Roger Rabbit
And the nerds took our tests and they passed em for us
Back to the roof top back to latin quarters
The olds school's new school now it's the same ol'
It's back to Filas, gazelles and Kangols
It's back to 40 ounces back to OE
Not back to rope chains but back to gold teeth
I was the class clown just snapping at cats
Let's go back to the (?) with the matching hats
Remember the Real Roxanne, remember all the vets
Remember Kool Moe Dee remember Lord Finesse
I bumped Run-D.M.C. almost every weekend
The Bronx and Queensbridge just couldn't stop beefin'
Kept it on wax they ain't have to pack heat
Back to Ron G tapes, back to Black Sheep

[Hook]

[Verse 6]
Come on say it with me
I'm talking old Bobby Brown before he thugged Whitney
I used bring all my toys in the tub with me
A snotty-nosed kid eating boogers
It was Ultimate Warrior and Jimmy Fly Snuka, uh
Sometimes I read scriptures like Psalms maybe
And I didn't wanna go to church but my moms made me
TV made me laugh
I remember Knight Rider, Kit used to save his ass
Let's go back to spooning back to Black Moon and
Back to when wrestling had its own cartoon and
They used to sleep on us, now they demand us
Will Smith told parents they just ain't understand us
Back to playing the dozens
Back to humping our prettiest girl cousin
Psych! I'm buggin
NWA was simply known
Let's get back on the block I'm talking Quincy Jones
I gotta Jones y'all

[Hook]

[Verse 7]
Let's go back before I burned the booth
When Tevin Campbell was ill before the whole world learned the truth
Hip hop had a message then, jewels was dropping
I never got what I wanted on back to school shopping
Think about it, used to be about shit
That was back when I still got Easter outfits
We all grew up all older folks
It's more than just the music, it's a culture, folks

[Hook]

[Outro]
Remember sugar water
What was the name of the fucking drink
That they said the fucking triple K
The Klu Klux Klan and shit had put some shit in and
The black niggas were gon' die - huh?
Whatever that was, you niggas knew about it[Verse 1: Joe Budden]
Now we were once two niggas of the same kind
Went to holla at a hoochie with the same line
Sorta, honestly Ill never guessed you were a hoarder
And all that would manifest cause of what we both thought of her
So I’m like “how could you get mad of what she thought of me”
I found out seasons don’t only change quarterly
Cause you got bitter, it was real fickle
With me saying “girls are a dime a dozen” to a nigga with a nickel
I guess nobody told him that gossip and slander is not the answer
Wish I’da known that she woulda flipped out of propaganda
Ice in my veins, some people are less skilled
And he brought me up on charges when his ego got killed
When my friends in doubt, they learned a valuable lesson bout
In 30 years I ain’t reckon how to reconcile
What hurts more? The act of getting cut off
Or realizing that your 2 cents wasn’t worth more

[Hook: Scott Stapp & Mark Tremonti]
(So, you know it's hell, you know it well)
Now I'm forced to look behind
I'm forced to look at you
You wear a thousand faces
Tell me, tell which is you
(So, you know it's hell, you know it well)
Broken mirrors paint the floor
Why can't you see the truth
You wear a thousand faces
Tell me, tell me which is you

[Verse 2]
Nothing could help somebody switch up more then thirst can
I seen the ill effect that fame can have first hand
Am I to blame for the person that you became?
Were you’re already on that path? Its so hard for me to explain
Look, some indicate that im watching who I never met
I see some things happening now that you would never let
If you were in your right mind
Were you showing me the right person at the right time
Or were you trying to make it easy?
Did it really please you to please me
Did that make you change everything about you to appease me?
My prides in shambles, wondering why and when did you decide to gamble
Or are you competing with Mya Campbell
When did that become suitable
How could you make something so ugly out of what was once beautiful
Next time beauty’s headed towards me I plan to dodge
Until I see its not just being used as a camouflage

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Only reason I continue to antagonize
Just my way of bringing truth into a pack of lies
Reveals peoples true colors, removes a bad disguise
Even though its something I predicted I just act surprised
That way the armor never chinks on me
Drunk mouth, sober tongue homie drinks on me
That way I’m protected, y’all got no choice but to respect it
Seen too many come and go to be affected
And how is it not expected
I’m hip to what its bound to be
And them relationships, combined ain’t weigh a pound to me
And so the bullshit, make sure its tasteful when its done
You can keep your 1000 faces, but try being faithful to one

[Hook (faded to outro)]See what I'mma do is, like...
I just kinda wanna be able to, you know...
Smoke by myself
Without kinda being bothered by what a motherfucker had to say or
Without really havin' to do nothin'
So I'mma go buy this pack, of 100's
Take me about 10 minutes to smoke a whole 100
Yeah, I'mma snip one upside down
And I'mma take one out and I'mma light it...

Just give me 10 minutes
I just need 10 minutes alone
To not deal with a thing, to not answer my phone
Just to ig' my 2 way, ig' the shit in the streets
Just let me smoke this one cig in peace
Give me 10 minutes
Without y'all comin at me with that bull
Sometimes that's all it takes to ruin my last pull
And right now, that's what got the kid at peace
Let me smoke this one cig in peace

Look, now 'is a couple dudes that don't wanna see me poppin'
They sarcastically ask me 'when your CD's droppin'
Gotta keep my game face
They don't leave me no options
Can't lose my cool I know the streets keep watchin'
Dudes wanna see me lose it all
But I ain't come this far to fall
Let me talk to all of you dudes prayin that I lose it all
I ain't come this far to fall
And I ain't gotta walk around with my clip and nine
A real nigga just open his coat to me and said his is mine
He said call him with his problems
But he don't know that there's always problems, it only gets worse
Like, some dudes get threatened they can't stop me
So all they do is threaten to pop me
But go and get your weapon and cock, G
See it's real here, I dun been up and down the block all week and I'm still here
Look, you wanna know where the booze and coke at
Gangsta's, gorillas, damoo's and locs at
Where the bricks, where the dip, where the X, where the morphine be
Take the turnpike to 14B
But now it's back to this pussy dude threatenin' to hurt me
I didn't know all of this came with reppin' Jersey
But now it's no secret
If the thought of jump off doin it makes you so heated nigga so be it
But certain beef will be handeled if you're special
Only marble in the crib, is the handle on the special
My guns in the hood
I can't run from the hood
Nigga my sons in the hood
That should tell you what's what
Soon as I feel good you retards remind me
But son, it ain't hard to find me
I'm at ringside any time the fights on
And I'm in the big black truck with the Carolina lights on
Or you can hop on the Pulaski Skyway
I'm in the strip club almost every Friday
Kats is cornballs
Y'all dudes is bitches
Like I ain't got enough problems with this music business

Just give me 10 minutes
I just need 10 minutes alone
To not deal with a thing, to not answer my phone
Just to ig' my 2 way, ig' the shit in the streets
Just let me smoke this one cig in peace
Give me 10 minutes
Without y'all comin at me with that bull
Sometimes that's all it takes to ruin my last pull
And right now, that's what got the kid at peace
Let me smoke this one cig in peace

Some days I don't wanna be bothered
Some days I just miss my father (damn)
Some days I just miss my father
Some days I wanna relapse on redline
Cuz he'll be gone for 26 months fed time
I try to maintain through all this
And pray to god pop keep the same clean date in Fort Dix
My pockets flat kid
You do the math on $5.15 an hour full time after taxes
That wasn't good enough to keep my MO
Shit that wasn't good enough to complete my demo, for real
Some days I don't wanna be seen
And some days I don't shower, I don't wanna be clean
Look, sometimes the truth could hurt you
So I blow my cig smoke right at the Truth commercial
Some days I don't wanna be bothered
Some days I just miss my father
And even if by a miracle he makes it half way out
It won't be parole y'all, it be the half way house but NAH
That's not the right path for a Budden
Cuz we're addicts, addicts can't do half of nothin'
Some days I'm reachin for the thing in the dresser
Some days I'm not invincible and I feel the pressure
Like if everyone's dependin on me, and I just stop
...
Then what the fuck happens?
I can't take that route and girl out
And sometimes I don't wanna hear my girls mouth cause
My hectic schedule, she ain't considering
So all I hear is the complaints and bickerin
Radio's, studio's, photo shoot's
She think I'm fuckin every girl that say I'm oh so cute, cute
Don't appreciate a man and you lose him
Worst thing to do to an innocent man is accuse him
And I ain't with beefin' with home's
Brand Nubian style, I had to love ma' but leave her alone
It ain't workin out, I'll see you aight
Just let go and let God see if we reunite
Cuz with yo shit added to the dudes that wanna see me fall
Nah, fuck it I won't fall
Let me talk to all of you dudes prayin that I lose it all
I ain't come this far to fall, fall
But listen, I'm fucked up now
Don't ask why y'all
Sometimes the best medicine is just to cry y'all
Know what I'm sayin?
Excuse my voice fans, that should be a sign that I identify with what I'm sayin
Cuz it's these type of thoughts that'll kill ya
If you smokin' with me right now, then you a good way from the filter
And I won't front like I ain't stressin'
Sometimes I need a hug, real shit, pain shared is pain lessened (nigga)

Just give me 10 minutes
I just need 10 minutes alone
To not deal with a thing, to not answer my phone
Just to ig' my 2 way, ig' the shit in the streets
Just let me smoke this one cig in peace
Give me 10 minutes
Without y'all comin at me with that bull
Sometimes that's all it takes to ruin my last pull
And right now, that's what got the kid at peace
Let me smoke this one cig in peace

Give me 10 minutes
I just need 10 minutes alone
To not deal with a thing, to not answer my phone
Just to ig' my 2 way, ig' the shit in the streets
Just let me smoke this one cig in peace

Give me 10 minutes
By myself, leave the boys at home
That's all the time I really need to enjoy my bone
If you sparked when the song was beginnin at that time
Then your stoge should be endin with mine
And to you know who...
Ma, I never saw me being with you
But sometimes y'all dreams come true
I'm like your number one fan
Damn, I ain't think Joe would see you
You's a fantasy
I wasn't supposed to meet you, NAH
Chances of that were so unlikely
And if we did meet, you wasn't supposed to like me
But look, I rap now and it just so happens
God put me in a spot where that was just so happenin, see
She had a man, I had a girl
I broke up with mine and around that same time
We was hangin out she never laid a hand on me
But I could tell from the way she glanced at me
Her looks said baby boy somethin hampers me
And it would go down but I got my man with me
Lord how can it be?
You know I never been the dude to come and break up a happy family
And these 2 looked so happy on the outside
They could've only been happy on the outside
We eventually started creepin'
But for me it's just sex
For her it's cheatin'
It went down, one time, two times, once more
Talkin real passionate, every time it jumped off
I'm in deep y'all she's more than a jump off
We both catchin' feelins, both startin to want more
But guess what, she can't leave him
Maybe it's somethin' I don't know about, maybe she needs him
Means I still gotta front like we ain't sleepin'
Still gotta shake his hand, I still gotta see him
How's he supposed to look, supposed to feel for me
He gotta know I'm feelin you, and you feelin me
How am I supposed to look at that man with respect
With Bleek singin 'Is That Your Chick In My Head'
Dru Hill - 'Somebody Sleepin In My Bed'
Aaliyah - 'If Your Girl Only Knew' reversed, but look
Here's why I'm down and out
I'm kinda worried y'all
I ain't heard from him much since he found out
Even if she wasn't mine y'all, she's still in the brain
And I know wherever she's at, she's feelin' the same
So 'till my fantasy dame pop up
Everytime the cell rings I'm prayin that her name pop up, for real
I know y'all, I ain't supposed to wife her
But it's God's fault, I wasn't supposed to like her
Sometimes I think, why'd I have to meet chick for?
And some times dog, be careful what you wish for
Some times I don't wanna be bothered
Some days I just miss my father
He's stuck in the system
Treated like a dude that's heartless
And they just transfered him, brought him up on new charges
Yeah folks I'm back to that
So I light another one and smoke back to back for real
I'm chain smokin' if you ain't on my page, listen
I'm stressed out, hopin' this one'll taste different
Dudes hopin' that I lose it all
I ain't come this far to fall
Let me talk to all of you dudes wishin that I lose it all
I ain't come this far to fall

Nah, I won't fall
Hopin that I lose it all
I won't fall, nigga (nah)
Hopin that I lose it all
I ain't come this far to fall
Nah
Nah, (ain't come this)
Some days I don't wanna be bothered
Some days I just miss my father (damn)

Just give me 10 minutes
I just need 10 minutes alone
To not deal with a thing, to not answer my phone
Just to ig' my 2 way, ig' the shit in the streets
Just let me smoke this one cig in peace
Give me 10 minutes
Without y'all comin at me with that bull
Sometimes that's all it takes to ruin my last pull
And right now, that's what got the kid at peace
Let me smoke this one cig in peace (peace, peace)Intro: ~Joe Budden~]
Welcome to the 40/40!
There's an age limit and dress a code
No 80 year old rappers...
And no motherfucking... wallet chains and tight pants and colorful fucking shirts!
And don't come naked though, hahahahah!

[Royce Da 5'9":]
That motherfucking beef ain't new to us! (whoooo!) Get off my computer nuts
Before I go Freddie Foxx from the Flavor Unit bus!
Plus, you know my La Costra Nostra
I stretch a nigga out like he Rosa Acosta!
Nope, you blew it! — I'm a boxer I could mop a lame
"Oh, Let's Do It"! I hit you with the Waka Flocka (Flame!)
I don't need backing, so there's no need for Shady (uh-huh!)
There's no need for police, your homies, your lady! (HOE!)
We can lace them up, Paperview, however you wanna do
And then donate all the proceeds to Haiti! (whooo!)
Your man's major!
I keep a hitman with me that done took more people than Fantasia! [gunshots] (uhh!)
I'm bonkers, I'm cuckoo! I'm beyond gonzo (cuckooooooooooooooooooooooo!)
The rocket launcher is like part of my ensemble! (hahaha!)
On top of that — I got niggas in Boston who got my back
And they gon' assist me like Rajon Rondo! (whoo!)
So fuck peace!
The day I quit beefin'be the same day I grow a hangnail on my buttcheek!
My momma got fangs, my daddy got ducks feet!
I was genetically predisposed to fuck freaks!
I'm like my nigga Joe B.!
I ain't worry about the win as long as I get the girl in the end! (girl in the end!) (Ho!)
Y'all niggas be dead, if looks could kill
My money taller than y'all; y'all spending Bushwick Bills
And y'all ghetto! (and y'all ghetto!) - Squeezing — you weak when I spark metal (whoo!)
You leaking, therefore you're squeaking to falsetto!
My shit is nothing like you heard before
Get it, right? My shit is knocking like our words be doors!
We can fight! (hahaha!) — That's right, put your dukes up
And let you fist pump - like you on the Jersey Shore! (Jersey Shore!)
Paranoia is my normal activity, I ghost you!
Have you seeing "Paranormal Activity"? I roast you!
When he rhyming (whoooo!) off the pa-tron! - You might wanna quit trying!
He will burn you like Penny's mama offa Good Times!
I'm fly as shit, but grounded like the Gaza Strip!
But let's be honest, I'm surrounded by a thousand tits!
I claimed the town before I give you lames the crown
You'll get it soon as Snoop gains a pound
Hahaha! - We too vicious, plus we got pits in the back an'
"Dirty Money" like them two bitches Puffy backin'
(Whooooooo-Aaaahhhhhhhhhh!)

[Joe Budden:]
Livin' off interest! - Stock exchange!
But I'm watchin lames whos interest is wallet chains!
What part of the game is this - bunch of dicks in the studio
So I take mine elsewhere, I'm Rick Rubio!
Homie make sure you speak to me sober
One in the head - heat in holster don't care if you cross
Country! (yeah!) - I'm there before the weekend's over
And you'll be (YOU'LL BE!) swingin' at the air - no Wii controller!
But I don't care to speak on chrome
Hard to not live a movie when you got theater seats at home!
No wonder she wanna chill, seat back with her friends
She seen when I dump boo I let her keep that Benz!
Dick got 'em actin' like they on a relapse binge!
Start kickin' my door down like I don't need that hinge!
The realest to ever do it, he a must in the game (game!)
If you don't get the picture then readjust the frame! (Talk to 'em!)
It's simple mathematics, Einstein!
Learnt to walk a fine line off that battle shit, it's grind time! (grind time!)
Rap for hire! Call me if help is needed!
I got this whole shit covered - Darrelle Revis!
(AAAAAAAAAAGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!)
So if you lookin for me
I'm relaxing with a bird or Hell's Kitchen, asking for dessert! ('ey, 'ey!)
So when I'm recordin' dummies become non-important
They think the Book of Eli was written by Tom Coughlin
I ain't with the trash talkin', that's distortion! (that's distortion!)
Mass extortion! - All of your raps is appallin! (Nigga!)
Want see me dead?
I'll invite 'em to the funeral and they can keep the stains off my glass coffin! (Glass coffin!)
Yep it's Joe, irregular flow!
If your ones ain't Gayle King right next to a "O"!
It's not a thing, just lie! Be the next to blow
I don't need a private jet, just a window seat, exit row!
And if I decide to peel arms - I'm interrupting
With no pardon! - I ain't Mike Wilbon!
From day one, he just speak his mind
Cause looseleafs don't come with subtitles, can't read between the lines!
But think anybody on your TV be
In your top of elite three, then CC me!
5th gear! - We kickin' up dust mothafucka! (DUST MOTHAFUCKA!)
We only competin' with us mothafucka! (FLOCKA!)
[Outro: Joe Budden]
Hope everybody had a good time out there!
Huh?
The...
Ay!
No entry allowed if you got the fake diamonds on neither!
You can fool the bitches, you can't fool us!
The light hit it different!
Make sure there's fucking laces in your shoes too!
Not all the funny shit with the straps!
We ain't 5, aight?
And bring a notebook!
Learn something nigga!
Huh?
You fuck of a fuck nigga you!
Hehh!
You a un-fuckable fuck nigga, man!
Who's your fucking hair stylist?
Hehehehe!
Hey!
Don't talk to me if you got a hair stylist!
Better have a barber!
Nigga!
Hehe!
Happy new year!
We only exuding positive energy!
Slaughterhouse!
One more thing... check it!
AaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhLook I can give a fuck about opinions, like 'em or love 'em
I never change up, if you don't like 'em then fuck 'em
Cause I was brought up sayin' sticks and stones
Only let you know about whoever's doin' the throwin'
Dudes is far from what they pretend to be though
I done fired a few shots and got plenty to go
So nah, if it ain't love, let's begin to be foes
Cause now my minds kind of off, I'm like Emily Rose
When I seen my first man get murdered
I took a little strike from the game like a transit worker
Won't keep pushin' packs to get paid
And be a grown ass man with no accolades
And know the truth hurts I can't fabricate
So nothing's made up, just the facts I say
My son 'bout to have a brother
It's a different father, same mother, if it ain't one thing it's another
Sometimes this rap shit seems so easy
Til you home lookin' at that TV
Pissed you havin' a fit, changin' it FUCK MTV
Cause you starin' at them, thinkin' that should BE ME
The game and myself is like Jessica and Nick, 'bout to leave
The folks thought we'd never ever split
Try to work through it all that we done for each other
Both talented but one is too dumb for the other
Let it go to its boiling point
Til it felt like one long episode of Boiling Points
But all I gots this mic and this booth while I'm in it
I figure might as well tell the truth while I'm in it
Latifa said enjoy my youth while I'm in it
I told her I do but the proofs still tinted
I'm like an old man with no friends or family
Tryin' to cleanse whatever's left of his sanity
It's no happy dude here
I'm mad at the world while I'm wishing y'all Happy New Year
It's only fair somebody had one
New Year's for me always be like my last one
New year, same girl, she the same soldier
Think it's all good, probably cause I told her
But I got some resentment, shit that I ain't over
I don't trust baby girl far as I can throw her
Rightfully or wrongly she's gettin' quick sized
I'm on the horn askin' chicks for their tit-size
Face smilin' and there's tears in the kid's eyes
Hidin' it from hoes, by talkin' about my dick size
In the hood with the best of 'em
I'm still hood, just not hood like the rest of 'em
Where's the answer
Don't ask for a cig', I'm so self-centered I won't even share this cancer
Look to the sky
Talk to an invisible man and hope one day my prayers get answered
This shit gets hard with every pull from this cig' or cigar
More like what every lick from the guitar
GOD![Intro]
See, me
I'm talking bout something called...something I like to call "it"
Ain't really got a name for it
Only certain niggas suffer from this shit
Talking bout niggas that got like, niggas that got like a 6th sense
Sometimes you see shit that ain't there
Sometimes you hear shit ain't no body said nothing
Sometimes you think you somewhere and you really somewhere totally different
It's almost like you hallucinating
But you sober, you ain't high
No drugs and nothing like that
Sometimes you can BE high
Talking bout like, some paranoia or some shit

[Hook]
Four walls, they surround me
Loneliness has found me
I'm waiting for you to return
Open the door, walk right on in
Darling let's start all over again

[Verse 1]
Look. I don't give a fuck again
Thoughts in my head, looking like a nigga stuck with them
Wishing it abruptly ends. But God woke him up again
Everything is seeming so unfair. So unclear
Trying to reach out no one's there
Four walls tell em go run where no one cares
Screaming this too shall pass
Riding on fumes without gas, bills piling up without cash
Tryna maintain and outlast
Pray for me, keep telling niggas patiently wait for me
Keep telling haters wait and see, I'm busy tryna fill a vacancy
Been a long time it's taking me
Muhfuckas keep mistakin' me
Mistakenly, they caging me
Niggas never had no faith in me
Its like I'm one semi from death
I'm just a few pennies from debt
I got no identity left, victim of identity theft
Problems never knew, it's revenue. Keep blaming 'em it's never you
Keep telling baby girl I'm gon' leave and never do
Cause even when a nigga needs space
When you looking for a little leeway
Somebody put it on replay, it's like it gets louder with each day
Pray

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Look, look. I'm tryna keep it formal now
But the pressure's on him now
I'll go ahead and warn you now
I'm tryna come across as normal now
All my life, I've been called insane
Looked at as if I'm strange
Can't tame 'em
Can't blame 'em for looking at me as if I can't change
With that said, still I'ma rise
Though I keep it still in lies
Go ahead, reveal your disguise
Maybe that'll kill the surprise
Sometimes I feel deprived
Starting when the guilt arrives
I noticed that the hills have eyes
When you on the heels of demise
And your man's on a ledge
Niggas tampering with my head
I ain't getting head in the Phantom
A phantom's in my head
Can't escape, figured I'd be a candidate
I ain't gotta upper-hand to date. Can't be fate
Must think that I can handle weight
See, I'm thinking of mansions, lakes
I was thinking Mandalay
Thinking I'd expand my stay
That's just the chance I'll take
Bow to my knees so the crowd's appeased
Put em in the mouth of the beast
Crazy they didn't make him out to be
I'm just tryna make it out at least
Please

[Refrain]

[Outro over Hook]
See what I'm talkin bout, they ain't really got terms for shit I'm talkin 'bout
I know they just diagnosed me with this shit. Like a, like a early age or shit
I don't mean four walls literally, nothin' like that
Four walls, I'm talkin' bout..
Ain't no windows. Ain't no sunlight. Ain't even a door
No locks, no nothing. Ain't gettin' outta that shit
You just try and get stuck
I'm talkin' bout four walls in ya head baby

I know a nigga like me
I been talkin' about a niggle like me for a long time
Fucked up out here
Can't even escape
We gon get em (haha)Mic check, mic check
Mic check, mic check
Ye'... y'all know who it is. Ta-ha
Oh! Uh. Uh-uh-uh
It's... it's... it's that on top music!

Look, come an' cruise wit' me
I'm good in any hood, no matter who's wit' me
My mind on gettin' money, bumpin' new 50
Or my mind was off music, 'till Clue hit me
An' told me keep it on the booth strictly
So I step in, watchin' my surroundings and my settin'
Then I let the Percocet set in
Rough year, lost five of my homeboys
I ain't worried 'bout it, y'all alive, just home boy
I feel like I'm the last real nigga left, or...
Or maybe all the real niggas just left
We growin' extinct, we like Dinosaurs
There's only a few exceptions, so minus y'all
The greatest rapper alive, is wearin' suits and ties
So you got a buncha' whack niggas sayin' they him
Used to be if you strive for so somethin' you could achieve it
Now just say shit, these niggas'll believe it
I'm done screamin' out Jump Off rules
Lost my girl, broke all of my Jump Off rules
Kept fu'ckin' the side chick, so a nigga lied more
Picked 'er up in the womans car, that I ride for
Creepin', I would hide more
Got confused as to who I'm 'sposed to fight for
I can't even blame the jump, it was my fault
Cause I gave 'er the gun and she killed the only bi'tch I would die for
So the noise is calt' for
When you goin' through Ts type of Pain -
Dawg, ya voice gets altered
Know it's hard to stay calm
Goin' need State Farm
When you fu'ckin' with a con
No, not Akon. (Let's go!)
I'm high off life, a walkin' napalm
Fastballs comin' at 'em from a Dice-K arm!
Ridin' suspended L
No wonder I'm on fire, I already been through Hell
So... when the the World's against you well...
Naw, I never snitch, but I'll let the pencil tell
I suffer from wrong thinkin' (so?)
So I avoid straightjackets
And the bi'tch that dumped Sean Kingston. (Hmmm)
Better they respect'chu then to fear you
I learnt' that starin' at the World in my rear view
But come get me, cocksucker I dare you
Rather box a felon than a nigga that's fearful. (Understand some'...)
Want a clear view, wit'out a clear view
I put the wall up but thoughts just tear through
God, I hear you, givin' me a earful (but...)
But I'mma cruise in 5th gear until I'm near you. (Oh!)
Eye of a Tiger, naw, a Sniper wit' great aim
I won't be another great slain. (Nigga!)
Takes planes, embrace pain
Ask Eddie Griffin -
You gun lose gon' lose everytime goin' up against a freight train
Niggas bleed like us, we in the same World
Keep the Patron comin' try an' make the day hurl
It's a few niggas checkin' out my chain pearls
Go ahead, try' an lift somethin' that'chu can't curl!
Far from Wayne's World
If life's a bi'tch, it ain't just R. Kelly an' Ush' fu'ckin' the Same Girl (nope!)
OG swag, walk gotta' limp in it
It's my World, everybody's payin' rent in it
I left Jers. see I took flight on 'em
Dudes tried ta' take the crown, (dawg...) didn't look right on 'em (naw!)
How you gon' fu'ck wit' a crook, heist want 'em
Play Vanilla Ice, I get Suge Knight on 'em!
Meanest Porsches, gleamin' crosses
Came from Queens to restore this
Deemed it in orbit
When the red carpet rolled out, that mean it's bosses
Don't get it fu'cked up, we had fiends before this
My third-eye sharp, so keen it's gorgeous (oh)
I've seen it all, even Halloween in August (talk to 'em!)
Gun in my hand
The game used to make you sell ya soul -
Now it gotta' come wit' a dance
I'm on the clear view (whoa!)
Wit'out a clear view (oh!)
I put the wall up, but thoughts just tear through (oh!)
God I hear you, givin' me a earful
But I'mma cruise in 5th gear until I'm near you. (Oh!)[Jae Millz]
Millz break the block down from A to Z
I could supply you with work, little nigga -- I'm like a temp agency
I'm in the kitchen, wood chair with the feet broke
Soft white got the table looking like a ski slope
Fuck going out, me and my money elope
And most niggas rap about money but they be broke
My man went to Morehouse and had strong blow
So I had him pitching in Atlanta like John Smoltz
Nigga, money make the world go round
And a stack of it'll make a nigga girl go down, clown
Patron and Grey Goose get the bitch loose
And after the crew, I'll have her licking on her sis, too
We getting money where I'm from, nigga (Harlem!)
We getting tired of your chick, tell her pack her shit -- come and get her
Put her onto some shit, and get her grind right
Get her mind right, fatten the ass and get her spine tight
I'm the flyest
Most niggas want a deal with Nike -- I'm like, dumb nigga, I'm trying to buy it
I need percentages, I don't care who the hottest
Little nigga, I think big like Christopher Wallace
And I won't stop until my grandkids' grandkids sitting on dollars
And I ain't even a father, nigga
Call me Your Majesty
Young, black and fly and when it come to dough I got a Jewish mentality
Little fuck niggas still trying to battle me
I go in their mouth like I'm a dentist looking for cavities
I don't know why your mans hyped you with that battery
I'll hit your whole team with caps, and I don't mean salaries, nigga
Already got dough, now I'm chasing the power
I'm the statue, stand tall cause I'm replacing the Towers
And these niggas washed up now, they faces is sour
Mad cause they broke and lonely and I'm making them dollars
With enough divas to spread out to ten cities
I can throw assists all night like I'm M. Bibby
Harlem got a fucking reason to front now
Uptown, let's go -- we got a reason to stunt now
I told Joey and Stack shit ain't intact
Captains lost our city now we gotta get it back
Nigga, you can take it how you wanna
But ain't nothing impress me for the last three summers
I don't give a fuck how disrespected you may feel
Nigga, see me when you see me
It's whatever, it's Jae Millz, motherfucker

[Stack Bundles]
The crew feel better when real 'round it
Still round it, dress square but a nigga well rounded
Grounded like I came home late on my curfew
And proved I was better than most niggas my first two
Lil' years in the mixtape league
Now it's bidding war time -- I got a Bloomberg league
So the hood's overwhelmed
They know it's the voice of the hustle whenever they hear son up at the helm
Son give 'em hell like Daniel in The Advocate
The fans fiending for it -- they got the addict itch
That's the bundles, put it all in your nose
These niggas is lil' me's, hear it all in their flows
Ho's, that's a topic you don't even wanna touch on
I face-fuck the ones you couldn't touch on
Hand brushed on see the denim, know what these 'bout
The Antik's, Red Monkey's, or Vi's out
Y'all bring the V's out, I can even splurge
GT's wasn't me so I'm leaning towards the Spurs
Leaning towards the furs a lil' more to my nature
Mink, coyote, fox all in the nature
I get it in blocks I'm the Seymour Cake-ster
I give it on the arm, you can get it from me
Cause if prices was any cheaper y'all be sellin' it for free
Paid 2-3 sell it for 2-2-5
McDonald's is making more for profit off Super Size
I spit the truth inside, niggas wrote the fake shit
These niggas practicing snitching, y'all on some jake shit
Millz spoke on it, I agree with him
Can't even spar with niggas, what's the reason for a gym
Ain't hot enough to even work up a sweat
I been fire since Wu days with The Purple Cassette
So when you mention my name these niggas get offended
No chain on, just a five star pendant
General of that Riot so Squadddd Up
Feeling real prestigious hopping out that Porsche truck
I'm on top of my game and still climbing
They're not fucking with him, can't even peel off his hymen

[Joe Budden]
It's the nigga with the mask on that would yack dude for jewels
Ain't gotta say it, that dude the truth
Make me put that tool to use
And these niggas that be in the game shaking like Mahmoud Abdul-Rauf
Not Tourrette's, gotta rep my team to the end
Lambos to Ferraris to the Beamers to the Benz
If I blam it'll kill, never ran never will
Only thing that bleed on me is these jeans on my Timbs
Hat low, it's not a weak link in my squad
I'm LL, in too deep, I'm thinking I'm God
Far as rappers, I'm thinking they're frauds
Call 'em all Rubix Cubes cause I really used to think they was hard - ha!
For once trust me, you don't wanna start problems
The pound will make you Eddie Curry with a heart problem
So if you on the block with only a few grams, man
Then you a bird nigga, Toucan Sam
And any beat, I'mma air that, rappers just gotta wear that
Fox Brown should be the only one that can't hear that
Hit you in the spine or the belly, gun on me
I ain't Sticky Fingaz, I ain't leave mine in the telly, smell me?
Thank god he ain't fucking wit that red line
Cause I'll murk any nigga that disrespect mine
If it wasn't Fed time, or lock up or rec time, dude'll be a Daily News headline
You ain't the best, what memo got sent?
If you got dogs, what kennel they in?
So if you wanna get fresh like a Mentos mint
Then it'll tempt those men with clips longer than Leno's chin
There ain't no type guts wit you
You Terrell Owens -- them niggas that wear eagles, they don't even wanna fuck with you
Me, fam? I was pimping weed dirt back when niggas used to rock Simpsons t-shirts
I'll give it to any nigga, I mean any nigga
Big man or skinny nigga, dare a dude tempt me, nigga
Auto or semi, nigga; dump till it's empty, nigga
They don't even want you in New York -- you like Penny, nigga
Check the time -- it's around that hour
Little niggas, they ain't 'round that powder
They ain't super or Luigi or Mario, ain't found that power
Plus they couldn't spit fire if they found that flower
Cowards, know the toys bust loco
While they trying to dap my hand like the Boy's Club logo
And yea that 5 slide and clock
I'm the million dollar baby, but I won't die trying to box
Don't want a piece of the cake, I won't the pie and all
I don't believe 'em when they say that they supplying the raw
You don't move white -- you lying, dog
That's a never-ending story without the white flying dog
Son, these dudes is broke, don't know the feeling of bread
They in debt, tampon niggas, still in the red
And the fans keep asking if ya man stopped beefing
I call 'em Mr. Fantastic, tell 'em, "Stop reaching"

[Killa BH]
Ah-ha, stop reaching!
Killa BH, son!
I'm ready to rock
Yo, ah-ha
When I come through, I'm like...a something
I can't remember
I'm that nice
Like the spice
Ah-ha
I can't even spit right[Joe Budden]
Give it away now! Uhh
I mean, make sure the light's on in this muh'fucker
Is that supposed to be though, let's make it hot

L-look look look look look; I can't call it
I always seem to take one step backward and five steps forward
Nothin to gain, it's like everything's mortgaged
Y'all can love me or y'all won't, go 'head and talk shit
Cautious, report shit (I mean) live out of hell
Since all my dudes either alive or out of jail (ohh!)
Won't fold, won't curl - no wonder all this weight's on my shoulders
I'm sittin on the bottom of the world!
They say, tears are words that your mouth can't speak (ohh!)
Rubber on every arm could fire but can't reach
I say, streets learn you what the schools can't teach
My job's to get a gospel that the church won't preach
Somethin like a rock star, keep the live band
Just sub my True Religions for those skin-tight pants (yeah!)
Ass on my wife, no nice implants
I mean no accessories, the crime's been an accessory
It's a thinkin man's world, shit is chess to me
So let the king move, meantime let it be

My blood is on FIRE in this muh'fucker!
Pack your bags, packin up for the weekend
We 'bout to do this! Let's GO!

[Hook: Dub B]
Adrenaline's rising
You could feel the fire rush right through the veins
Look on the horizon
You could see the sun, but the night still controls the pain-yay-yay-yain

[Drew Hudson]
Yo... it's the Junk Yard Gang, Drew Hudson reppin Jersey
Reverse the psyche on life and do the mic dirty
Tired, hungry and thirsty, motherfuck fame
Matter fact, when this verse ends forget my name
It's the message not the man, the vision not the plan
No glitz or glam, just pure connection with the fans
Half your downloads get deleted with the spam
These dudes keep it so real, they come across fake
Straight boring, ignore these wack bastards
Approach us too forward, these frauds is ass backwards
I just vividly spit it to pick it differently
Rip all the vodka, swig it then pissin on negativity
The pen's mightier than the trigger, strike 'em when I spit
Real catchy, huh? I don't even like that shit
What I like, a rock flow that's lava
Melodic, with a high dose of more fire
The fire and the rain, the fire in my veins is hot
Can't be stopped with fire brigades
UHH! No image, I'm livin every synonym twisted
In this syllable spliff six of them hits'll leave you lifted
All heart and gut, feelin the hunts
Adrenaline rush, c'mon! Shit's heatin up

[Hook]

[Joe Budden]
Uh-huh, l-look look; I wear a K as a weapon
Eye through scope case my foes at the top of my stairway to heaven
And I, pop a big step, dressed in my fly shit
IPod, headphones on bumpin my shit
I never cared, I was careless
Fear bein afraid (or) or maybe I'm afraid to be fearless
(Or) Or fear bein fearless but fearful
So even in my carelessness, gotta be careful
I'm like, who's that lookin threw my peephole?
When did my alter-ego get a ego?
He wants the rims chrome
Me I'm tryin to push the pedal 'til my FOOT'S on the ground like a Flintstone
Bluetooth, my girl on the horn bickerin
But even though when she SCREAM I hear it like whisperin
I been around noise all my life
I've been poised baby all my life, just let me live my life!
Live yours, make your own highlight
Then meet me at the top like a butterfly knife
Then you'll, learn how to see without eyesight
If, at first you don't succeed then try twice
See I don't write it I will it, reel it, real shit
Paint a masterpeice then unveil it, come I'm 'bout to reveal it!
Destroy it, rebuild it
Then conceal it before another nigga steals it (I mean)
Milk shit, not a pessimist, I'm a realist
When you think you on, I go and hit the killswitch
Drummer rockin, he's ill bitch
If they sleep don't wake 'em, just drill shit
See I'm somethin they gotta deal with![Lead in: Fabolous]
Ay yo, sit back relax, sip ya Cognac, young insomniac
Cause you sleep the 'hood will wash you like a laundromat
Sneak attack and trap from cats who pop collar
In fact your dog will be on a shirt like a Rottweiler

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
Some say I'm funny style, I say I'm "getting money style"
Niggas get shot every day, shit ain't even funny now
The streets is hungry, I remember how my tummy growled
I was just a bummy child, now they see me come in Childs
Made a mill, my life is looking yummy now
Learned from being broke don't get rich and be a dummy now
Cause rap niggas turning mummy now
Hosting all black parties, eyes teary, nose runny now
So warn your brothers, yeah them carats cost a hundred thou
But when it's over, that's all folks, Bugs Bunny style
Ain't see it before, my eyes is 20/20 now
Used to keep it a hunnid, them niggas funny money now
So I got the two-seater, keep your honey from me now
Paint white, seats tan, shit look honey bunny now
Yeah, shout out to homies on the Ave still
There's no Love in the game, that's how the Cavs feel

[Verse 2: Paul Cain]
Yo my mind's hard-wired for crime, career crook
From the cradle that's just how I'm designed
Certified street king, I'm the last of my kind
For how he lived, not for the way that he died, is how a man is defined
These new niggas, quick to shoot without looking, blind fury
All pussy, when the wolfpack loose they hide jury
They hide when I fly by, high in that 5 Series
Don't care how cool you think they is, don't bring them guys near me
Never trust a soul, fuck what the 'hood think
First they took Stack from us, then they took Chinx
Survival of the fit, the hunger is real
My city is like a concrete jungle for real
Kill or be killed in my mindset since I was twelve
Getting money, eating good with my people and live well
If I don't find heaven on Earth, I raise hell
You see hellfire, escape from the barrel, I blaze shells
To this day I ask my man, "How the fuck we escape cells"?
The few who understand me, they come from the same hell
This shit I say is shocking, you stepped on a third rail
You gotta feel me to know what I'm saying -- Cain braille

[Verse 3: Joe Budden]
See I normally leave the classics alone
Normally no B&E's without a map of the home
Formally, I don't compare, all these rappers is clones
You ever sat on the throne, spattering poems, I massacre homes
But these new niggas beef different, they just send a sub at em
Me, I'm still tinting the hoop, cocking the snub at em
Niggas don't fuck wit 'em, I don't give a fuck again
LeBron-inspired, musta thought I needed Love to win
Smoke and mirrors, gotta be an illusion
You never see me disputing, I delete the confusion
I scoop my nigga in that two-seater, we moving
Soon as he extend an arm, we gon' reach a conclusion
You niggas never felt that pain, it's like torture
When the shooter never come in for Teague (fatigue), like Korver
Nigga whole existence is to take them pies off ya
When you see him you might often know that niggas might off ya[Intro - Sample from "Rocky Balboa"] (*echo*)
You ain't gonna believe this
But you used to fit right here
I'd hold you up, and say to your mother
"This kid's gonna be the best kid in the world
This kid's gonna be somebody better than anybody I ever knew"
And you grew up good and wonderful
It was great just watching you every day, it was like a privilage
Then the time come for you to be your own man
And take on the world, and you did
But somewhere along the line, you changed
You stopped being you

[Joe Budden - talking over the end of the Intro]
It's, it's, it's that On Top Music!

[Verse 1 - Joe Budden]
Look, look, look, shout to all my fans, glad I can inspire y'all
Got a couple haters, still tryin to acquire more
You're prayin to a higher power, hopin I should fall
But even my writer's block, ends in a firewall
Everybody acts reckless, judgin by they past efforts
If they ran shit, why it won't show up on they track records? (talk to 'em)
How could the critics ever hear me and say I'm a suffer?
How when they play with words and I make 'em play with each other?
Choppers over the booth, ready for prime time
Become one with his thoughts, intertwine with his mind
Go toe to toe, blow for blow or do it rhyme for rhyme
Be competitive coke heads and go line for line
Honestly that crap of yours, you should raffle off
With me they gettin Genius Bars without the Apple store
Under the microscope, I rebut' the scrutiny
If I'm to be compared, it's only to who I used to be
Take a closer look at rappers and you might discover
These faggots talking boxing, avoid the Mike Buffers
Now you the type to cuff her, me I get tired of her
See you the type get hyped to hug her but won't try to fuck her
Them pencil thin bitches, me that ain't the style he dates
Mine sit on the bed and leave an imprint of a smiley face
To introduce the newcomers to my habitat
The calm's before the storm, this the debris from the aftermath
(aftermath)

[Break - Sample from "Rocky Balboa"]
Let me tell you something you already know
The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows
It's a very mean and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are
It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it
You, me or nobody, is gonna hit as hard as life
But it ain't about how hard ya hit
It's about how hard you can get it and keep moving forward

[Verse 2 - Joe Budden]
Check it, check, check it, let me change pace
The alternate route's a long one but you'll ultimately end up in the same place
So I tell aspiring artists "think beyond greater"
I know some niggas with platinum plaques and bronze paper
But better livin should be earned, never fed or givin
So I traded my recognition instead for a vision
They always told me that I'd end up dead or in prison
Who ever thought that same dude gettin head while he whippin
That the chicks would hang up on? Give 'em the dial tone
Now buyin wild homes, straight cash without loans
I always managed to do better when there's doubt shown
I'll teach you how to turn them diamonds into milestones
Class is in session and look who's come to tutor
They passin the fake off as real like Brian Pumper's jeweler
Where I'm from niggas with fear gettin slumped by shooters
But my equal to dumpin Rugers is done by computers
I'm gettin bread, every verse like the lotto
Give 'em substance but they treat every word like it's a hollow (blaat)
My niggas off parole, I'm tryin to give 'em somethin pure to follow
Cause he ain't have a pot to piss in, just a urine bottle
I come from where so many people were raised with neglect
Cops tryin to meet they quota, thirsty to make an arrest
All my wrongdoings did, was put my faith to a test
Which made me much stronger, guess my mistakes were correct (oh!)

Ta ha
Ta ha (ta ha)!

[Outro - Sample from "Rocky Balboa"]
Now if you know what you're worth, then go out and get what you're worth
But ya gotta be willing to take the hit
Not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of
Him, or her, or anybody!
Cowards do that and that ain't you!
You're better than that![Prod. by DJ Pain 1]

[Intro]
SL
Parks on the board
Real niggas in the booth, let's go
I got Kdot on the keys
It go (it go)
Check this, listen

[Verse 1]
I got strangers in my face
Beggin' me to take a picture
Still self-centered, they can give a fuck 'bout how a nigga feel
Bitches hang around to hang around even when shit get real
But I ain't left nothin', maybe I should write a different will
They usin' me I'm usin' them, they don't see the angle
Therapeutic, I don't even fuck 'em unless it's painful
Why do all these bitches seem to think they can change Joe?
Judge me all you want I never claim to be an angel
Patriotic, psychotic, obsessive-compulsive, convulsive, neurotic
On narcotics, searchin' for you if you got it
Seein' young blacks gettin' killed weekly that's a moot fact
If these coppers shoot at me, trust me I'mma shoot back
Maybe y'all 'll pray for me
But I don't mean once or even twice, I mean every day for me
So I'm on my knees, there's gotta be a better way for me
Open these windows and these doors but demons stay with me
And baby that's okay with me

[Hook]
I gave you my all, what made you wanna leave?
Fuck with my heart and now it's killin' me
This be enough to make a nigga cry
I wish 'em well until this runnin' dry
They won't ever take me alive
All I ever do is survive
And I know cause they already tried
It's too late cause I've already died
At least inside, they'll never take me alive

[Verse 2]
Lemme get far as fuck away from these niggas
Fuck away from these hoes
Where I'm at now its fuck music I don't wanna rap
I don't wanna perform or host
And my father's sayin' "get it together" and nothin' matters but my health
Hope heaven reserved a section for an addict like myself
Watchin' myself on TV see my knees shaking on that show
Plus the way shorty's life is now, I bet she's rethinking that "no"
She thought she was only sayin' no to marriage
But that "no" is to so much more, now I can't wait to see what her path is
I guess being a wife ain't sound as fun as bein' a bad bitch
Couldn't deal with my habits, wasn't me though you'd been catfish
We're speakin' a different language
Showin' you the signs in morse code
Last time a nigga loved two bitches I lost 'em both
So she scared, try not to get emotionally invested
I know God will find a way for those emotions to get tested
Which is cool, maybe not for me
Front all you want in your heart somewhere
I know there's a spot for me
The sad part is when it's vacant, I'll be gone
How I love you but I hate you
And all you're doing is being the person that I made you
From hateful to graceful
From rageful to grateful
Then God came and snatched that space for you
I tried to save it boo
Everything I caught myself building  to that point was made for two
Writing out the script, wish you'd a told me the page was full
But fuck it, He knows better than I
Regret'll subside, let's sever the ties
After all it's just one less goodbye

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Lemme get far as fuck away from these bitches
Fuck away from these hoes
Lemme get far as fuck away from my niggas
Lemme get real close to my foes
They tellin' me that I gotta act famous now, etcetera
I been regular, so I feel like an anus now
See all of this time I've just been treatin' y'all accordingly
On an even plane like no one is any less or more than me
But the Lord agrees he said, "keep playin' with fire, if you're Joseph you'll get burned"
I hate second guessing I'll wait 'til the motives get confirmed
(..)
Call from the shorty, we off that bitch, option time
Models, sport some
All these cities, I got to tour one
All these bottles, I got to pour one
All these hoes, i got to call one
Our situation is a tall one, what you gonna do, pour or run?
So I'm spending forty thousand dollars on a time-piece
Help my self esteem and get this shit up off my mind please
Anybody lookin' for me, y'all know where to find me
I be right up Steinway nigga I ain't playing hide and seek
Let that liquor induce ya, then watch how fast it go from a couple niggas on the hookah
To some triggers, to them shooters, everything that's going on is kinda sicker than I'm used to
I'm just wrestling with them snakes, you ever kick it with Medusa?
Let me get the fuck away from these pills
The fuck away from this drinkin'
Let me get the fuck away outta my way
Let me get far as fuck away from my thinkin'
'Till it's better, it's whatever, shit I'm unapologetic
Since all i got is my word nigga tell 'em that i said it
It's Joe

[Hook]

Uhh, uhh, uhh
It go

[Hook][Intro: Joe Budden]
Loose Quarter
Few questions I ask myself

[Verse 1: Joe Budden]
Maybe it started with Slaughterhouse
Or was it tour life
Maybe it wouldn’t had started at all
If I had your life
Maybe it was needed or I was thinking immorally
If I wasn’t myself could I say I gave the fans All of Me
Can’t decide if I’m more ashamed of what they saw of me
Than I am of ignoring all the lessons that was taught to me
Headed up field but couldn’t dodge the last tackler
How could a forward thinker move so ass-backwards
How could a dude with no regrets at all
Willing to bet it all, not realize that quicker demise
How could I neglect it all
I’m so seasonal, some of y'all knew I'd spring back
With a heart this cold
How'd y'all think I’d be receptive to fall
I’m plenty comfortable when danger’s around
And even more so when stranger's around
And the bigger picture is sicker
Don't know my triggers or know the alarm it forces
Don't know a nigga
Don't know my bouts with drugs and liquor or the harm it causes
Life or death, I tried to lynch myself
Thought I could keep it all a secret, I convinced myself
But really, the folk that loved me
They could tell I was locin'
I couldn’t see him
Cry me a river cause it fell in the ocean
Numb to my words now, maybe felt I was open
I cut so many people loose, do I need help with devotion
That’s just some of the things I ask my Lord and Savior
And when He calls for me, will He have done us all a favor

[Hook: Kobe]
How did I make it here
Who are y'all
I feel so lost
Now I’m not seeing it clear
Is it my fault
It’s all in my head

[Verse 2: Royce Da 5'9"]
I’m looking around like this can’t be happening
Round of applause for the angry rappers
Lord, my girl cried me a flood then me a river
That’s love, depending on me when I’m independent on liquor
I’m up in the shoe store, she got no love to show
You ever look at a bitch you was fucking behind your bitch back
Like fuck I was fucking you for
I’m an artist so I’m intelligent
I would tell you to do some soul searching
But it’s hanging up in my closet with your skeleton
It’s gotta be a God's work
Even a diamond gotta be polished first
A quarter's on the loose
And I ain’t been out here getting my dollars worth
I had to remove the goggles first
To see through the sipping Patrón
And fifty phoners for I need to go get me a kidney donor
Guru, Nate Dogg, go ahead blink an eye
Your doctor told me you close, go head drink and die
Buried under the stone where the Patrón fifth sits by
That reads, here lies somebody who never wanted to be THIS guy

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Joe Budden]
They say knowledge is power
Great cause every day I learn
As of late been having revelations bout this hate term
Hate the way they judge me
Till I got the case adjourned
Hated the belly of the beast
Till I became its tapeworm
When I said I’d stop getting high
Tried to say it stern
Now, I’m the type to walk through the fire to check the way it burn
They say my brain is off
I say how can it be
If I’m out my mind, how can I be in-sanity
The people used to say that I was scared of progress
They don’t know how hard a nigga tried to advance
But I don’t know who’s more to blame
Is it them for really not knowin' me
Or is it me for never really giving them a chance
Get too close, be too big of a threat
Now it’s been little to no time
Thinking why I ain’t get rid of you yet
Gotta recognize my maturity
Gotta see I’m grown
Let all my skeletons out the closet
Just so I'd never be alone
Since I got trust issues I won’t discuss with you
Besides God tell me who the fuck’s supposed to save you
Pop won't have a man-to-man
Was gone half my life so
Somewhere in his head probably feel it ain't his place to
Plus more people will see me soon
I mean I’ll be on national TV soon
So when I ask if people I have around are a cancer for me
That’s four million more that might be able to answer for me

[Hook][Emanny]
I give you my all, but it seems like that's not enough
Now you can get all of me
A lot of things have changed from what I see
Is this the way its supossed to be

[Joe Budden]
Are you in that mood yet, one mo' 'gain
ARE YOU IN THAT MOOD YET
Look, they say tomorrow's not promised, but if it was I wouldn't get open
Wouldn't get souped, them shit's was made to be broken
'Member comin' up dudes talkin' 'bout hoes, boastin'
I was just a Juvenile movin in slow motion
I dropped outta school to be a dude with mad jewelry
Once I got it shit wasn't even cool to me
I dreamt of condos and video vixens
Until I learned most girls in videos is pidgeons
I just wanted the world to see that I was for real with it
Wanted a deal, I got it and couldn't deal with it
I want me and my old homeboys to still kick it
I wish they saw me as Mouse and not a meal ticket
Let the beat play, I wish I could see a day wit no he say, she say, just wanna see Trey
Wanna play the hood and not fuck with the toasters
Middle child, wish me and my brother was closer
I wanna scream at her, catch myself before I start to
And then remember it takes two people to argue
All she do is provoke me, all I do is diss her
All I did was shake her, she say that I hit her
She just takin' everythin' I say out of context
I'm tryin' not to black, I'm like a nigga with a complex
Was mad as a fuck, didn't even show it
Yesterday was better off, didn't even know it
Complete role reversal so it's useless these days
TV got real, music went fake, please help her for God's sake
When I proposed to the game I figured life was merry
Five years later I'm feelin' like Tyler Perry
Maybe I'm exhausted, maybe I just lost it
Maybe I should pick up a pen and try n' force it
Same old story, guts and no glory, they tryna low ball me, do him like Joe Torre
I reintroduced myself to the world: I'm Jerz
I'm an artist, I paint pictures, I don't rhyme words
More than a rapper I pay attention to detail
But how I do in retail tells me if I prevail
Leonardo ain't seen these trials and tribulations
Foul situations with some mild stipulations
I feel like being an addict is a curse
It's somethin' 'bout dude that makes bad shit worse
Look, it's three types of niggas in this world ya' know
So you either goin' make shit happen or
Watch shit happen or, not know what happened
So I couldn't just sit there like, fuck rappin
It's dudes with problems I couldn't imagine havin'
If I had to have 'em I couldn't fathom me lastin', like
I used to bump into Tammy in the club
Few of them, she even helped a nigga get in
See a person long enough you know you bound to get fly wit 'em
Care for 'em, be more than "hi" and "bye" with 'em
Its been a while, I can't front like I ain't phased
She was my reality check, cause we the same age
I mean she put on a show that you can't stage
She made the shit sound effortless
I was damn near in tears checkin' my messages
I got goosebumps all over my skin
She said, Mouse I highly doubt that I'll ever see you again
Hope everything is well kid
You see I'm just findin' out I have a brain tumor but I never felt it
The doctor's giving me three weeks to live
Not three weeks 'til I die, that's three weeks to give
I just wanna tell you that I love you and I care
I wish you all the best throughout the rest of your career
And then she broke into tears
I pressed seven, took the phone from my ears
Sometimes the simplest of things people need it
But I ain't call back in fear of being speechless
What was I to put her at ease with
I picked a real bad time to be strategic
I think my life's bad, picking up the pieces
Some folk already got they appointment to see Jesus
In this world full of diseases
I've learned not to bite my tongue or have seizures
Depression tells me I suck
So I reply, I ain't here cause I fell down, I'm here cause I got up
And then I'm goin' back and forth with Ransom
Shit came outta nowhere, was real random
According to him, I'm responsible for Jerz too
I never helped niggas, how the fuck you think they heard you
Motherfucka's got a lot of nerve, dude
I was the nigga believed in you spittin'
Had to con the industry just so they would listen
But go 'head, you just gon' rep yourself
How was you protecting me, you can't protect yourself
Keep the lies to a minimal, just read your interview
I can't help but ask what's gotten into dude
Media trainin' but he don't know how that go
It'd help you come across not soundin' like an asshole
In my past though been to jail, I ain't enjoy it
So why would I stand behind the mic and exploit it
I ain't ig'nant, just because I exercise spiritually
They try to ignore how I exercise lyrically
I thought I had a great job
Back when niggas loved the culture, wasn't in it for the money like a A-Rod
Even when I'm spitting 'bout current events
Its a sublime sayin', who's more current than him
So I'm wonderin', if a higher power tryna under-man
When you shoot for the stars, sometimes your gun'll jam
I ain't been to Summer Jam
I learned from Lupe: when you dumb it down its just harder to understand
2008, foes is still near me
So you can think I'm tight as FUCK, I'm still weary
The Geto Boys say its all in the mind
Certain wounds only heal over time
No shame in my game, no pain, no gain
And since I ain't see a prophet I figured God would stop it
Waitin' on a alley, niggas just won't lob it
Still a risk taker let me put it in words
Can't steal second base and keep your foot on first
Been about ten years since I was high off the angel
Now I'm walkin' side by side with an angel
In front of my eyes that prize keep gettin' dangled
But can't grab at it, my pride is being strangled
Workin' shorty's nerves like a personal trainer
But its me, its personal, it ain't her
Friends keep tellin me leave her, I won't
Cause she sees somethin' in me that I don't
And I see somethin' in her that ya'll won't
If you never been in love don't tell me I'm wrong
See I preach gratitude, she keeps an attitude
Argue long enough and that shit becomes laughable
My norm now since for her it's so natural
Wish I could tell her that all them niggas after you
So not compatible, that we compatible
Its nothin' else in this world that we would rather do
Anybody out there relate to my pain
Turn the music up let me know that I'm sane
We broke up, bitches was starin' at my chain
Dude was fuckin' you but starin' at my name
But we ain't gotta entertain all that
Back like we never left, we overcame all that
Fuck who made better tacos or who's ass fatter
Let's live for now, right now, none of that matters
Keep bringin' it up its goin' backlash us
Why am I meeting so many back-stabbers
Why when I'm about to crash I go faster, past is a disaster
When your house is see through, learn to close your eyes
In case the Glass shatters
Just sayin', it's always a million more pages when my stupid ass keep
Thinkin' I'm on the last chapter
No tit for tat, I ain't equipped for that
Back in New York, chit chat with a Midget Mack
As I get older...I keep gettin' sick of rap
Wanna call it quits, but a nigga can't picture that...[SLV]
Finally got me alone
Waited all this time
Stood my place in line and now it’s here, I’m finally on
Clock was moving slow
Had some room to grow
Life is short, it’s time I let these motherfuckers know

[Joe Budden]
What up everyone that been there
Some of ya’ll know I never left I been here
Text baby girl I’ll be back
Got some unfinished business to tend to
Gotta go sell out these venues
Y'all niggas just food on the menu
Doubt y'all know what I been through
But it’s funny watching of y'all pretend to

[SLV]
Finally got me alone
Waited all this time
Stood my place in line and now it’s here, I’m finally on
Clock was moving slow
Had some room to grow
Life is short, it’s time I let these motherfuckers know[Phone Conversation]
B: Hello
Mike: Ayo b what's hood yo
B: What's going on mike
Mike: Aye I've been trying to get in touch with mouse, you spoke to him lately
B: What you mean I spoke to him you ain't hear
Mike: Naw
B: Nigga got dragged out his house in a fucking straight jacket
Mike: For what
B: Cause he talking about killing himself and taking people with him
Mike: You lying
B: Then they found mad drugs in his system man this nigga's gone he's lost yo

[Verse One]
Let look behind the Swarovski crystals (and what)
Behind the 50 caliber's and the pistols (go ahead)
Misuse pardon self gotta excuse my issues
For me just to have them a ritual
But I ain't as crazy as I seem to be
It's just that nothing is the way that is seems to me (and I'm feeling)
I'm feeling less than drugging him up with anti depressants (so what)
In essence I'm threatening my character assessment (Look here)
Truth told I figure a few hoes mixed with some new clothes
Should cover my loop holes
If I'm misunderstood or misguided (I mean it)
Started when they passed the L said just try it (I mean when)
When I don't want to get out of bed I just fight it (sometimes)
Some times I don't eat for days I just diet
Only live one so if I just like it
I ain't even checking the price I just buy shit
I'm thinking that will just hide it
But all it takes is life to ignite shit
Thinking bout death wondering how I'm gone go
I can't be insane for just wanting to know
In my head I die often (I use to)
I use to think of suicide often
Good suit on and a nice coffin
But that ain't something I would try myself
Still they locked me in this room all by myself
I need a
I think I need a

[Phone Conversation]
Mike: I can't even believe this shit you saying right now
Yo that don't even sound like mouse
B: just like we was at the club the other night
This nigga ran out the club start shooting my man up
Mike: word!!!
B: For no reason then this nigga talking about he's the only one who can save him
The apocalypse is coming and he's the savior of all mankind
Mike: that's crazy
B: that nigga ain't his self no more

[Verse Two]
They say my symptoms are aggressive
They title me a compulsive obsessive slash manic depressive
They tryina tell me that I'm a con and I game niggas
That's one reason I don't even entertain niggas
Not important who they are I won't name niggas
They like to say I have a tendency to blame niggas
I keep fucking shit up but keep trying (Listen)
If ya'll would just trust me I wouldn't just keep lying (Listen)
If I had bread I wouldn't be in debt
Let me clarify get in-depth
I feel like every time I been less
Whenever I invest
Whenever I am set
I feel like I'm inept
I try to make them understand but they just won't ac-cept
I'm telling 4 million other I am the temp-late
There ain't a book that tells a story there is no index
We got some different type of cuts and no there not princess
All this indigess seemingly endless how I take in stress
When I always went best
Aching in my chest
Yet and still it won't break me (why)
They say the room's padded for my own safety (Naw)
But the cushion don't soften shit
They locked the door but still they let my thoughts in it
And no one can tell me why I'm here
I can't even see the sky from here
I guess my time is near

[Phone Conversation]
Mike: ayo we really need to go see that nigga yo
B: hum... I don't know we could do that but last time I saw him
He wasn't looking good they had him in the room
I.V.'s all in his arm looking like he was in a daze like his body was there
Mike: you spoke to him
B: Mentally he was gone they wouldn't let me near him
They had a guard by him on 24 hour watch
Had all these prescriptions he was taking
Mike: damn yo that's ain't even him
B: I don't know what's going on with that nigga
I just gotta keep him in my prays hope everythings goodI ain't the social type
Joey!
Nah mean
I ain't with all the congregating!
Fuck niggas, hahaha!
It's, It's, It's that old Joe!

Hey yo, I can't lie
Spent a few years trying to understand why
When, how is it now I'm so anti
Face asked if you've ever seen a man cry
I think before that shit ain't even pan right
So I don't look at rap dudes like you fans might
Rude, true it's skewed I got a slant eye
With God as my security guard that's why
I'm walking around feeling like I can't die
Or I'm feelin' like opportunity ran by (me)
And I'm chasin' it or am I facin' it
(NIGGA) No past I'm erasing it
I'm an addict got a habitual habit and I don't avoid voids
Good at substitution replacing shit
I'm just trying to find my place with shit
Pacing quick I ain't go no patience with
Niggas that can't speak they mind
What the fuck they got a mouth for?
Me, I'm so full of rage so used to being caged
I probably shouldn't be outdoors
Everybody so scared of the truth
Look in my eyes you stare at the truth
They doing interludes and every interview
Talkin' bout they're prepared to shoot - bom, bom
How thoughtful, won't resort to gettin' near a booth
They awful what I do to them unlawful
Boss dude ain't got a higher up to resort to
Just giving yourself a bad name
Yackidy yack the threats in fact is that lame
You can't tell that acts arranged
Think I'm wearing a bulls eye
Just all them cats got bad aim I'll explain
I'm past real they past phony
Ignore the personal and physical attacks on me
I remain cool relaxed homie
Brand new I ain't got a scratch on me
So what your squad gonna do
Lay a hand on me I'll lay a hollow on you
Change hands tap his pockets run his wallet on through
Every club in New York nigga bottles on you!
Better tell 'em what reluctance is
I'm controlled by uncontrolled substances
Truth be told, I'll show him what substance is
Know I'm nice but when I boast I'm only rubbing it in (NIGGAS)
Got beat up ignored in school
Signed a deal niggas thought you was cool
Only take one quarter to slaughter your crew (SLAUGHTERHOUSE)
If your resume got deaded today they'd call you a fool (HOW BOUT THAT)
All them years rapping, nothing else happening
You need a new day to day
Old heads in the game with no other way to get paid
Gasping timeout take a break from the play or grab a Gatorade
Bad contract team can't make a trade
Majors fucking you in the ass you gonna stay a slave
5'9" in my ear saying, "Hey, behave!"
But shit is fucked up and I blame it on the way it was paved
I chill for the sake of your age
You great live but let me know when that stage get appraised
All in raising the stakes
Swear you and your label should pray
Thank God I was placed in this decade by mistake
I don't belong here dad fucked mom in the wrong year
Wrong peers amongst niggas with wrong ears
Wrong dancing funny sounds every songs weird
Wrong fashion its like everybody's gone queer
Be clear I ain't here to be friends
You can dislike me I ain't here to pretend
Run but you can't hide I can't lie
Told niggas in the first two bars I was anti

Oh!
Leave me running!
Joey!
No wonder, wheres an escape route when you need it?
Talk to 'em![Joe Budden]
Yo, I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knockin' at my front door
I'm livin everyday like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day another struggle, yo
I know it's fucked up what a lack of cake'll do
A few people wanna move in and stay wit you
You wish you could help 'em all, but you ain't able to
Cause the rent's a lil' late plus the cable's due
You and your girlfriend are beefin' in a serious way
You used to be faithful (NOW) you at a curious stage (for real)
Finally got your mind made on going your separate ways WAIT
Nah homeboy, her period's late now THINK
Your time's runnin out do it quickly (WHY?!)
Cause she starts crying, mood's gettin sticky
If I don't want it she'll want nuttin to do wit me
JUST GET THE ABORTION AND I'LL GIVE YOU THE 250!
But if you say that to her than you wrong
You ain't think bout that you was gettin your groove on
Can't take care of myself nevermind a new born
I guess the pussy got too good for too long
Seems like my money goes by too easy
Why I hate that my job only pays bi-weekly
Hoopty done shitted, you spendin more money tryin to fix it
Than when you did tryin to get it (C'MON!)
Fridge is empty, but I survive the hunger
Who the fuck keeps callin from this private number?
There's crime on my mind and my nails are dirty
The floors are real cold in the jails of Jersey
Depression starts talkin and his voice is raspy
CAUSE HE AIN'T SHUT THE FUCK UP IN 3 AND A HALF WEEKS!
Look, beard is full, hair is nappy
These jeans ain't mine so they way too baggy
Priorities fucked shit startin to gas me
It's like my lil' man's life slipped right past me (talk to em)
Startin to trap me, his name's Dwayne SO WHY THE FUCK MY SON KEEP CALLIN' HIM DADDY?!
Same shit that I feared after all these years
I gotta breathe I can't believe my ears
Wipin out my eyes I'm damn near in tears
But you can't be mad, you know you ain't been there (nah)
Grab his moms I throw her against the door
But in the back of your mind you know it ain't her fault (nah)
I ain't mad at all, I'm just bothered
I get honest for real I ain't been the best father like
Toys 'R Us, Chuck E Cheese
You know a lil' boy grow up wit these needs
New Year's or Christmas, even the birthday
At least bring the nigga to his school on the first day (OHHHH)
I can't believe it, this the same way that I was treated
So maybe it's history repeated
I know it sounds sick the idea of havin another kid
But this one it really feel like it's his (OHHHH)
It's the truth and I hate that fact
WAIT, shouldn't have said that I take that back
Look, I apologize let's rewind this whole story like NaS
C4 just erase that track (C'MON!)
I don't care if only the track trust me
FUCK! what niggas say only God can judge me
FUCK! what niggas heard or think or even thought
Tried to fix my shortcomings I just came up short
Ya heard?[Hook - Emanny]
Ever felt like the World’s on your back and you need some love say AYO
And its hard to keep your life intact while they holding you back, scream AYO
When enough is enough and it feels like
No matter what you do, nothing ever goes right
If you feel like me, let me hear you say AYO

[Verse 1 - Joe Budden]
Nah, it ain't pills
So if I ain't myself as of late then it relates to another ordeal
Don’t suggest out ya mouth that maybe I’m stressed out
Or it's God tryna test Mouse
Everything about me is changing and its new to me
I’m 29 going through a new puberty
Unusually the niggas that make moves take cues from me
And sayin' that I’m acting real foolishly
Well let me just explain my state
See I’m thinking at a whole nother rate
I hungry but I’m ordering with my eyes so there’s too much on the plate
Which means I can’t digest what I just ate
Wait, I’m paying too much, stop me if I pop me an oxy
I’m not me, will somebody stop me or copy
And tell me calm down nigga, relax
I tell em calm down let me relapse

[Hook - Emanny]

[Verse 2 - Joe Budden]
Yo, they telling me, the change is significant
Standing in the front but can’t see what they witnessing
I’m tryna take criminals, litigants, goon type niggas and turn em into business men
Change thinking patterns, give em business sense
Make ‘em model citizens, hang me if it’s a sin
Watch the cash come, patience I’m past
I’m tryna create demand for a girl who never had none
Be more bright, you fighting me all night
We’ll if I died tomorrow I’mma make sure you be alright
Turn students in to teachers, followers to leaders
But I strain my arm the further I try to reach it
Don’t misread it, I ain't book smart but lets stay on the same page, let me be the bookmark
I know more, I can’t take no more so I show more
I kill me so you can have anything you hope for

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Joe Budden]
Ay, you ever try pulling a hat trick without magic
Shit, I’m doing outta habit, it’s outta habit
Cause I’ll flair up, high temper I’ll react quick
And go and try to fist fight a nigga without a ratchet
It’s funny, we all go and ask for wealth
But won’t none of us, ask for help
Well maybe I need to get some
And I’m like fuck giving niggas a fish
Follow me and I’mma teach you how to catch one
Still they tell me I’m delusional
But there’s other niggas under this illusion too
It’s Karma catching up and misusing dudes
I can’t think straight, look at what confusion’ll do
So I sink my knees in the floor
God musta restocked, something new gotta be in store?
I make board outta bad hand
Trust me I got an exact plan
I’m a genius not a mad man[Nicki Minaj]
Call me Dracula cause all I do is count chips
Your money mini, I ain't talking 'bout the Mouse trick!
These girls running like I just threw the bouquet
They know I'm headed to the top like a toupee
Now all these bums is wondering where I be's at
If you ain't a Barbie, it's none of ya freaking bees wax
These little rappers I can see them in my dash cam
I know they're grouchy like Oscar up out the trash can
I'm on stage, you can sit in the crowd
I be Up in Lear jets, take a left at the cloud (Haha)
I think She need the Heimlich, she's the chokin' kind
She gets no burn, no smoking sign (Yeah!)
Metaphor heaven
So they approve Nicki like my credit score seven
Mac and cheese, six, fried chicken da guts
And I'm killing these bitches
Mike Vickin' it up, YEA!

[Buckshot]
Don't play with Buck, I'm not a video game
I'm so serious
Put so many holes in your brain
You oblivious to the fact you 0, period
Who the ass said, who the ass meant "Yall there he is!"
Look, neck full of high class diamonds
Wrist lookin' like it made a trip to Mohammed
In the Colosseum or Harlem or Canal
You cop jewels by the penny-weight
I go by the pound
Anyways, I go by the sound not by the style
So when you cut my CD you can get outta town
Go outta bounds? I'm blowin the whistle
Referee BDP yall know I'm official
Yall go, I'mma tissue
Yall dudes is shit
You'll go lights out wiped out
Can't outwit me, outsmart me or outfit me
Listen, this my year
I got the arsenal with me
This my year

[Crown Royyal]
Check, the hoodie
Check, the feet so fly I need air traffic control to direct me through the street
Cash, the cheque, I'm fresh
The death like I die is suicide and then I resurrect
Then I do it again
I stress in I got national geographics on my clothes; tune in
Ha, yeah you could try to keep up but I know you're not worth it
I keep enough of these words cos I know they be thirsty
Be swaggin on my leg man what is this? The third day?
Swagger 3000 on my fly, people it's your day
Rock star to rebel, on another level
Gotta give you the scoop with no shovel
Chandelier wrist, check
The best of Crown Royyal
I'm bumpin like bass and Treble
I check these dudes fresh, they just don't last
Guess I gotta take them to swag class, ah

[Joe Budden]
Wanna talk about bars, mine leave it be
Never needed an A&R, mine needed me
The one thing in this world I can't stomach's a fake
You tryna stop what ain't come with a brake
Some of ya'll made a mistake
Some of ya'll been deprived ain't seen the skill
Just got the truck customized, got a meaner grill
Told baby just being real leave or
Get balls in your mouth, I spoke to her like Serena Will
Top back, top cats get a beating
Saying you're the best, should stop it, it's misleading
Cause I might cock back to get even
It's not a wet dream, you just getting shot at while you sleeping
Feeling like the game can't be weaker
It's why, homie rarely do the cameos and features
I'm good with my insanity and fevers
Cause Pac looking from heaven saying "They ain't understand me neither"
Wanna play it ain't worth it
Maybe why I'm feeling like 'Ye, you prolly won an award, but you ain't deserve it
Circa 01 homeboy, he a vet
Leave em deep regrets like they Tila Tequila's neck
You past your prime, I ain't spit ether yet
You need a major, I just need an ethernet
Word on the street I made the OG's be upset
Cause I'm a student of the game, not a teacher's pet