[Hook]
Africa must wake up, the sleeping sons of Jacob
For what tomorrow may bring, may a better day come
Yesterday we were kings, can you tell me young ones --
Who are we today?
Yeah, now

[Verse 1 - Nas (+ Damian Marley)]
The black oasis, Ancient Africa the sacred
The sleeping giant, science, art is your creation
I dreamed that we could visit old Kemet
Your history is too complex and rigid for some Western critics
They want the whole subject diminished
But Africa's the origin of all the world's religions
We praise bridges that carried us over
The battle fronts of Sudanic soldiers, the task put before us
(Do you hear me now?)

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Nas]
Who are we today? The slums, diseases, AIDS
We need that all to fade, we cannot be afraid
So who are we today?
We are the morning after, the makeshift youth
The slaveship captured, our diaspora is the final chapter
The ancestral lineage built pyramids
America's first immigrants, the kings and daughters from Nile waters
The first architect, the first philosophers
Astronomers, the first prophets and the doctors were us, us

[Bridge - Damian Marley]
Now can we all pray?
Each in his own way
Teaching and learning
We can work it out
We'll have a warm bed
We'll have some warm bread
Shelter from the storm dread
And we can work it out
Mother nature feeds all
In fameine and drought
And though selfish in ways, not to share is out
What's a tree without root?
Lion without tooth?
A lie without truth?
You hear me out!

[Chorus - x2, but the second one is:
Africa must wake up
The sleeping sons of Jacob
What tomorrow may bring
May some more love come
Yesterday we were kings
I tell ya young bloods
The world is yours today...]

[Bridge: K'naan x2]
Dadyahow daali waayey, nabada diideen
Oo ninkii doortay dinta, waadinka dillee
Oo dal markii ladhiso, waadinka dunshee
Oo daacad ninkii damcay, waadinka dooxee
[Translation]
Oh ye people restless in the refusal of peace
And when a man chooses religion, aren't you the ones to kill him?
And when a country is built, aren't you the one's to tear it down?
And when one attempts to tell the truth, aren't you the one's to cut him down?

[Guitar/Instrumental break]

[Nas - talking]
We want to thank y'all, everybody out there
This is Nas, Damian Marley
Distant Relatives
We're all distant relatives, no matter where you from, where you live
How near or far
Africa, China, Japan, Afghanistan, Israel
We're all fam, we're all distant relatives
So that's why we came together -- one of the reasons
Why myself and Damian came together
Cause we all come from one place, and that's Africa
That's right, you too. And you
The whole world!
We're all family, we're just spread out all over the place
So to all my distant relatives, let's take it back home!
[Hook]When I get older I will be stronger
They'll call me freedom, just like a wavin' flag

[Hook]
When I get older, I will be stronger
They'll call me freedom just like a wavin' flag
And then it goes back, and then it goes back
And then it goes back, oh

[Hook 1]
Born to a throne, stronger than Rome
A violent prone, poor people zone
But it's my home, all I have known
Where I got grown, streets we would roam

Out of the darkness, I came the farthest
Among the hardest survival
Learn from these streets, it can be bleak
Accept no defeat, surrender, retreat

So we struggling, fighting to eat
And we wondering when we'll be free
So we patiently wait for that fateful day
It's not far away, but for now we say

[Hook]
When I get older I will be stronger
They'll call me freedom just like a wavin' flag
And then it goes back, and then it goes back
And then it goes back, oh

[Hook 2]
So many wars, settling scores
Bringing us promises, leaving us poor
I heard them say 'love is the way'
'Love is the answer,' that's what they say

But look how they treat us, make us believers
We fight their battles, then they deceive us
Try to control us, they couldn't hold us
Cause we just move forward like Buffalo Soldiers

But we struggling, fighting to eat
And we wondering, when we'll be free
So we patiently wait for that faithful day
It's not far away but for now we say

[Hook]

When I get older I will be stronger
They'll call me freedom just like a wavin' flag
And then it goes back, and then it goes back
And then it goes back, and then it goes
And then it goes

And everybody will be singing it
And you and I will be singing it
And we all will be singing it

[Hook]

When I get older, when I get older
I will be stronger just like a wavin' flag
Just like a wavin' flag, just like a wavin' flag
Flag, flag, just like a wavin' flag[Refrain: Damian Marley]
Tribal war
We nah want no more a dat
Every man deserve to earn
And every child deserve to learn, now
Tribal war
A nuh dat we a defend
Every man deserve a turn
Like Babylon deserve to burn

[Verse 1: Nas]
Man what happened to us
Geographically they moved us
From Africa
We was once happiness-pursuers
Now we back stabbing, combative and abusive
The African and Arab go at it they most Muslim
Used to be moving in unison
Disputes would end
Bounty hunters and grape street get cool again
Sub-standard housing
Got the young running rampant
Wilding, for a Phantom
He can style in
Mask on his face
Grabbing his Ruger
Saying nobody move or I'll shoot you
Man you're expiring
Catch 25 and he does it like a man
He sides with black
White pride and mexican
Survive the best he can
Strap a shank to his thigh
Why do we all collide
Why do the young die
Extortion, murder and burglary
Tattoos his chest
Says his enemies don't deserve to breathe

[Refrain]

[Verse 2: K'Naan]
I drink poison
Then I vomit diamonds
I gave you Mandela, black Dalai Lamas
I gave you music
You enthused in my kindness
So how dare you reduce me to Donny Imus
Timeless in case we never been acquainted
Flyness who made it
It gets duplicated
Mindless violence
Well let me try to paint it
Here's the 5 steps
In hopes to explain it
ONE: It's me and my nation against the world
TWO: Then me and my clan against the nation
THREE: Then me and my fam' against the clan
FOUR: Then me and my brother we no hesitation, uh
Go against the fam' until they cave in
FIVE: Now who's left in this deadly equation?
That's right, it's me against my brother
Then we point a Kalashnikov
And kill one another

[Refrain]

[Verse 3: Damian Marley]
Man a war tribal over colors
Over money, over land, and over oil, and over god
And over idols, and even lovers
Over breakfast, over dinner, over suppers
Over jungle, over rema, over buckers
Over Brooklyn, over Queens, and over Rutgers
Over red, and over blue, and over chuckers
Over red and over blue and under covers
Tribal trouble
The drive-bys double
Cause the youth dem nah go war
And go fight with knuckle
The two sides scuffle
Vietnam nah go a war
With no more kung fu nun chuckle
Missile and shuttle
And the Queen of England and Uncle Sam
Dem a flex dem muscle
The tribal hustle
Blood diamond poodle
Survival struggle[Hook:]
This ain't a good time
But when is it ever
I know the perfect time
And baby that's never
So don't you dare leave me now
Throw my heart on the ground
Cause tonight ain't the night for sorrow
But you can hurt me tomorrow

[Verse 1]
I used to be a strange fruit, Billy Holiday
Then you got me by my roots, took the pain away
I tried to question our direction, that was my mistake
I had to ask you where we going baby, Marvin Gaye
I used to do it like Sinatra, do it my way
Now I'm the Fugee of my Lauren Hill that got away
I though we had an at last love, Etta James
But now I'm wondering...

If what I heard it's true
Then I know what you came to do
Love may be blind but I'm looking at you
So before you pull the trigger, did you ever consider

[Hook]

You can hurt me...
You can hurt me tomorrow...
You can hurt me tomorrow girl
Save it for tomorrow

[Verse 2:]
If you can take a rain check on a stormy night
Then I will love you till you're old, like Betty White
You can hurt me any other day, pick a fight
But not on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday night
And not the weekend either cause I got a song to write
I promise I'mma hear you out when the time is right
Let's have a talk, August 7th, 2099
At your place or mine?

[Hook:]

Hey why you turn around and walk away
I know you got a lot to say
And I really want to talk about it
Just not today
[X2]

[Verse 3:]
Is there an instrument to measure all the heart ache in
A looking glass so we can see where all the magic went
I need a button, I can push so we can start again
Cause girl you bring me to my knees, Nancy Kerrigan
This ain't a good time
But when is it ever

[Hook:][Hook]
And any man who knows a thing
Knows he knows not a damn, damn thing at all
And every time I felt the hurting
I felt the giving getting me up off the wall
I'm just gonna take a minute and let it ride
I'm just gonna take a minute and let it breeze
I'm just gonna take a minute and let it ride
I'm just gonna take a minute and let it breeze

[Verse 1: K'naan]
How did Mandela get the will to surpass the everyday
When injustice had him caged and trapped in every way?
How did Gandhi ever withstand the hunger-strikes and all?
Didn't do it to gain power or money if I recall. It's to give
I guess I'll pass it on, mother thinks it'll lift the stress of Babylon
My mother knows, my mother she suffered blows
I don't know how we survived such violent episodes
I was so worried, it hurt to see you bleed
But as soon as you came out the hospital you gave me sweets yea
They tried to take you from me, but you still only gave 'em some prayers and sympathy
Dear Mama, you helped me write this
By showing me to give is priceless

[Hook]

[Verse 2: K'naan]
All I can say is, the worst is over now
We can serve the hard times, divorce its over now
They try to keep us out, but the doors is open now
My nigga Akon is getting awards and covers now
This is K'naan, and still repping the S
Coming out of Mogadishu and still draped in the mess
And no matter how we strong homie
It ain't easy coming out of where we from homie
And it's the reason why I can never play for me
"Tell 'em the truth" is what my dead homies told me, ooh yeah
I take inspiration from the most heinous of situations
Creating medication out my own tribulations
Dear Africa, you helped me write this
By showing me to give is priceless

[Hook]

[Outro]
Nothing is perfect man, that's what the world is
All I know is
I'm enjoying today, you know
Cause it ain't every day that you get to give[Intro: Nelly Furtado]
I don't wanna be left
In this war tonight
Am I alone in this fight?
Is anybody out there, yeah
Don't wanna be left, left in this world behind
Say you'll run to my side

[Verse 1: K'naan]
Something 'bout Mary
Never won a pageant
Never felt pretty
Never looked like Cameron
Diaz was her last name
Always been abandoned
Keep your head up
Baby girl this is your anthem
There goes Hannah
Showin' off her banner
Rocking that crown
Make them boys go bananas
When you're insecure about yourself
It's a fact
You can point a finger
But there's three pointing back

[Pre-Hook: K'naan]
I can see her crying out, yeah
Is there anybody out there?
She's really counting on your love
Still struggling uphill
But you act like you don't care
Right now she could really use a shoulder
Hanging onto the edge til it's over
She's crying for your love tonight
Loneliest is hard to survive, she said

[Hook]

[Verse 2: K'naan]
His name was Adam
When his mom had him
Dad was a phantom
Never took a look at him
Grew up mad and
Antisocial
Hated outdoors
Always in playing madden
Adam was lonely
Drugs were the only
Way out of his own life
Now he's slowly
Losing his fire
Close to retire
With one last hope
He puts his arms up higher

[Pre-Hook: K'naan]
I can see him crying out, yeah
Is there anybody out there?
He's really counting on your love
Still struggling uphill
But you act like you don't care
Right now he could really use a shoulder
Hanging onto the edge til it's over
He's crying for your love tonight
Loneliest heart to survive, he said

[Hook:]

[Bridge: Nelly Furtado]
If you feel the way I feel
Like you've been talking to yourself
Well this one's for everyone who's felt invisible
Lonely in a crowded room
Searching for someone like you
Can't do it all alone (no one can baby)
Can't do it all alone (no one should baby)
Is anybody out there?
(somebody, anybody)
Is anybody out there?
I'm right here for your
Is anybody out there?

[Hook:][Verse 1]
Picture the morning taste and devour
We rise early pace up the hour
Streets is bustlin' hustlin' their heart out
You can't have the sweet with no sour
Spices, herbs, the sweet scent of flower
She came out precisely the hour
Clouds disappear, the sun shows the power
No chance of a probable shower
I fell in love with my neighbors' daughter
I wanted to protect and support her
Never mind I'm just 12 and a quarter
I had dreams beyond our border

[Hook 1]
Is it true when they say all you need is just love? (Is it true?)
What about those who I have loved?
Only to find that it's taken away
And why do they say that the children have rights to be free? (To be free)
What about those who I've known
Whose memory still lives inside of me

[Hook 2]
Fatima, what did the young man say, before he stole you away?
On that fateful day Fatima
Fatima, did he know your name or the plans we made?
To go to New York City, Fatima

[Verse 2]
And after school we studied the lessons
I ask God to slow down the seconds
He does the opposite that's what I'm guessin'
I better chill and count my own blessings
Fatima, Fatima what is the matter?
How come you ain't come up the ladder?
So we can be like there's no tomorrow
Damn you gonna make me wait until tomorrow
She spoke Arabic and Swahili
She'd say "Upendo anta habibi"
You so bright, you shine like my TV
Then one day she never came to meet me

[Hook 1]
[Hook 2] x2

[Verse 3]
If beauty was in the eyes of beholder
How come everyone hushed when she walked by
How come girls would look just to scold her
How come the angel wanted to hold her?
Fatima, Fatima I'm in America
I make rhymes and I make 'em delicate
You would have liked the parks in Connecticut
You would have said I'm working too hard again
Damn you shooter, Damn you the building
Whose walls hid the blood she was spillin'
Damn you country so good at killin'
Damn you feelin' for persevering

[Hook 1]
[Hook 2]x2

[Outro]
Now I just want to make it clear
I don't want you to shed a tear
Cuz this here (Fatima) is a celebration
We're not mourning, we're celebrating
(Fatima) Yeah
So baby don't cry
Please don't let the tears fall
(Fatima) So don't cry[Intro]
Yeah, I am sendin' this one out to
Everyone who has had to wait on a money transfer
Yeah, it's kinda whack when they charge you like ten percent on the dollar
But you know how good it feels when they say

[Hook]
You can pick it up today
It's just fifteen minutes away

[Verse 1]
The worst thing is the waitin', man
It's spiritually drainin', I guess I could repaint
But don't think I'm complainin'
I'm in my small apartment
This month has been the hardest
I couldn't afford some omelettes
I'm broken like an empty promise
Sometimes when I'm in a meeting
And everyone else is eating
I feel so awkward askin', so I pretend like I am fastin'
My girl had paid my payments
She wants to save my anus
She says my love's contagious
But my pride is so outrageous
She sent me Western Union, so I can make it through'n
It felt so good when she said write down this eleven digits
I go out to receive it, I'm desperate and I need it
Feels like an angel speakin', I can hardly believe it

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
You finally got a caller
You met him in Sao Paula
A tourist with a dollar
He's some kind of a balla
Two babies in a scroller
And still he wants to holla
He likes your Pepsi cola
But you ain't runnin' low-la
Brazilians make it easy
For bellas or fo sheezy
The sun would make him dizzy
Working for something mezlee
These girls will make you trust em
Because sweetness in the custom
But everyday they hustlin'
Every day they hustlin'
John calls her with the number
Home with her local lover
Who was it that picked up the phone?
Oh, that was just my brother
She goes out to receive it
She's desperate and she needs it
It's like an angel speaking
She can hardly believe it

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I got my conformation
The Western Union agent said grandma's destination
Had violent inclination, but now I'm proudly pacin'
And walking to the station, heavy perspiration
But you can't tell me nothin'
I got my biz in order
I made it cross the border
Such dazzle, such a horror
His life is like an opera
Grandma I never forget you
Worry, I'll never let you
Soon as I leave the venue, this money I will send you
I still haven't gone astray, don't drink or smoke and sway
Though sometimes I don't pray
It feels so good to say, go out and receive it
Cause I just know you need it
Your boy has grow up decent, grandma can you believe it

[Hook][Verse 1]
I could've been a doctor, were it not for a degree
I could've been a winner, were it not for defeat
I could've been richer, were it not for the taxes
I could've been a scholar, were it not for classes
I could've been a rebel, were it not for a cause
I could've been employed, were it not for the boss

[Hook]
I could've been loved, I could've been loved
I could've been loved, I could've been

[Verse 2]
We could've been artists, were it not for the muses
We could've been on time, were it not for excuses
We could've been diamonds, were it not for the penny
We could've been special, were it not for the many
We could've been patient, were it not for the waiting
We could've been committed, were it not for the staying

[Hook]
We could've been loved, we could've been loved
We could've been loved, we could've been

[Verse 3]
I still love your views, look up your interviews
Got me playing detective, searching for some clues
I wanted to take you home, show you where I've grown
Coffee down in Kenya then a swim in Cameroon
But you're in California, working on your script
Young and beautiful, just trying to make the most of it

[Hook]
You could've been loved, you could've been loved
You could've been loved, you could've been

[Verse 4 x 2]
Hilila wa la halle, qabiilkii waa la daayay
Dagaal la daa, rafaad la daa
Jaceeylkiiyaa waa la raayay

I could've been free, were not for the past
I could've been in first place, were in not for the last[Verse 1]
Bundle up my whole style is so cold
I glow like old guys who go bald
My flow got no front in the vocal
Your flow got no button it's so old
I don't mean to sound like a showboat
But it's true my persona's no joke
I stepped into some kinda portal
I'm legend and sometimes I'm noble
I'm from the most risky zone, oh
No place is more shitty global
More pistols, Russian revolvers
We shootin' all that is normal
But it ain't just because we want to
We ain't got nowhere we can run to
Somebody please press the undo
They only teach us the things that guns do

[Hook]
They don't teach us the ABC's
We play on the hard concrete
All we got is life on the streets
All we got is life on the streets
They don't teach us the ABC's
We play on the hard concrete
All we got is life on the streets
All we got is life on the streets

[Verse 2: Chubb Rock]
Rock, you know my era
B-boy seasoning, Salt-n-Pepa
Grown and sexy, come with the extra
Crushed up linen, fly like Cessna
This type brew, I gave it birth
Now it's time again to give it a verse
Jamaican born, not a fan of the ganja
Boulevard, Brooklyn to Somalia
And it goes in the background
Playa, that is my sound
The green doesn't symbolize I made it on the top
Pioneer legend and they call me Mr. Rock
No B word or N word, I don't need those words
Respect for hers
The game dried up, so we come with the grease
Leadin' ya right and treatin' ya right, so peace

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Superman is known by the locals
As this dude who's so fly it's global
Attitude that came outta struggle
Destitute but I make it hopeful
You real but my real is tenfold
My real will make yours a rental
Gangsta if at ease, essential
Fight with guns or utensils
So bold, nothing's confidential
Breakfast was not continental
And lunch could not compliment all
We still become competent souls
These streets ain't paved with no gold
Matter fact someone stole the light pole
Nobody fat enough for lypo
They don't teach us to read and write, so

[Hook][Hook]
Africa must wake up, the sleeping sons of Jacob
For what tomorrow may bring, may a better day come
Yesterday we were kings, can you tell me young ones --
Who are we today?
Yeah, now

[Verse 1 - Nas (+ Damian Marley)]
The black oasis, Ancient Africa the sacred
The sleeping giant, science, art is your creation
I dreamed that we could visit old Kemet
Your history is too complex and rigid for some Western critics
They want the whole subject diminished
But Africa's the origin of all the world's religions
We praise bridges that carried us over
The battle fronts of Sudanic soldiers, the task put before us
(Do you hear me now?)

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Nas]
Who are we today? The slums, diseases, AIDS
We need that all to fade, we cannot be afraid
So who are we today?
We are the morning after, the makeshift youth
The slaveship captured, our diaspora is the final chapter
The ancestral lineage built pyramids
America's first immigrants, the kings and daughters from Nile waters
The first architect, the first philosophers
Astronomers, the first prophets and the doctors were us, us

[Bridge - Damian Marley]
Now can we all pray?
Each in his own way
Teaching and learning
We can work it out
We'll have a warm bed
We'll have some warm bread
Shelter from the storm dread
And we can work it out
Mother nature feeds all
In fameine and drought
And though selfish in ways, not to share is out
What's a tree without root?
Lion without tooth?
A lie without truth?
You hear me out!

[Chorus - x2, but the second one is:
Africa must wake up
The sleeping sons of Jacob
What tomorrow may bring
May some more love come
Yesterday we were kings
I tell ya young bloods
The world is yours today...]

[Bridge: K'naan x2]
Dadyahow daali waayey, nabada diideen
Oo ninkii doortay dinta, waadinka dillee
Oo dal markii ladhiso, waadinka dunshee
Oo daacad ninkii damcay, waadinka dooxee
[Translation]
Oh ye people restless in the refusal of peace
And when a man chooses religion, aren't you the ones to kill him?
And when a country is built, aren't you the one's to tear it down?
And when one attempts to tell the truth, aren't you the one's to cut him down?

[Guitar/Instrumental break]

[Nas - talking]
We want to thank y'all, everybody out there
This is Nas, Damian Marley
Distant Relatives
We're all distant relatives, no matter where you from, where you live
How near or far
Africa, China, Japan, Afghanistan, Israel
We're all fam, we're all distant relatives
So that's why we came together -- one of the reasons
Why myself and Damian came together
Cause we all come from one place, and that's Africa
That's right, you too. And you
The whole world!
We're all family, we're just spread out all over the place
So to all my distant relatives, let's take it back home!
[Hook][Intro: K'naan]
Guitar!
Kick!

[Verse 1: K'naan]]
Slumdog millionaire
The underdog sign when nobody can
Big shows, sick flows
I'm on the road
That's j-j-just how it goes
I think big, I act high
I chop it up in the streets like crack rock

[Hook 1: K'naan]
Got lots of money
But I don't got everything
Got lots of honeys
But I don't got me a queen
Feel like a champ
But I don't got me a ring
Nah mean, nah mean

Yup (the sun goes up)
Yup (the sun goes down)
Yup (and I'm always alone]
Yup (no matter who's around)

[Hook]
The sun goes up (yup)
The sun goes down (yup)
And I'm always alone (yup)
No matter who's around

[Verse 2: will.i.am]]
The fast life, the fast cars
I spend my time with them honeys at the bar
Bank roll, credit cards
Up in the club the DJ know just who I are
A big deal, a big star
Riding big wheels, uh huh!

[Hook 2: will.i.am]
Got lots of money
But I don't got everything
Got lots of honeys
But I don't got me a queen
Buy lots of diamonds
But I don't got me a ring
Nah mean, nah mean

[Hook]
The sun goes up (yup)
The sun goes down (yup)
And I'm always alone (yup)
No matter who's around (yup)
It may be hard to tell (yup)
By looking at my face (yup)
[?] from the party (yup)
And everything will stay (yup)

[Bridge: will.i.am]]
(Yup) Got lots of money
But I don't got everything (yup)
(Yup) Got lots of money
But I don't got everything (yup)
Nah mean, nah mean

(Yup) Got lots of money
(The sun goes up)
But I don't got everything (yup)
(The sun goes down)
(Yup) Got lots of money
(And I'm always alone)
But I don't got everything (yup)
(No matter who's around)
Nah mean, nah mean

[Hook]
The sun goes up (yup)
The sun goes down (yup)
And I'm always alone (yup)
No matter who's around (yup)
It may be hard to tell (yup)
By looking at my face (yup)
[?] from the party (yup)
And everything, and everything, and everything will stay (yup)[Intro]
Uh huh uh huh uh huh
Oh this takes me home
It makes me think about sitting outside of my old home when I was younger and singing something like

(K'Naan in Somali)
Gabaryaray shuxaano
Maro Shabeel eh xirato
Maro qafiif eh huwato
Magacaaga ii sheeg
Magacayga waa Sharaf
Sharaf, Xaaji weyaan
Aqalada xiriirta
Dhinac baa ka jooga
Ala yaa usheega?
Tinta ushaleeya?
Naa hoéy Zamzamey
Sabaax nuurey
Adoo kilkiley
Iyo
Kaloon badanay
Adoo xajka jira
Xasuus badhanay!
Saxiibtaa
Caasho, cashaq baa dhilay
Ugu dhambaystina
Aniga iyo geel uba
Ugu banaan bixin
Waa aniga orodneey
Nabad dheynee
Mareekan waa laga soo waayey
Mareekan waa laga soo waayey
Mareekan waa laga soo waayey
[Repeat x2]

[Verse 1: K'Naan]
There are certain things fresh and certain things mish
I got my own sound I don't sound like the rest
And even my attire and my choice of dress
And not long ago I don't spoke English
My point is police pull me over a lot
They wonder what kind of rap sheet I got
And sometimes I take a young girl out to eat
And hold the door open, "Oh, you're so sweet!"
Of course my affection's super illustrated
And I like to give don't reciprocate it
Unless you could give me someone innovated
Well lets cook it up we dont refrigerate it
But back to the country of the educated
Where people get robbed and they celebrate it

Waa aniga orodneey
Nabad dheynee!
Mareekan waa laga soo waayey
Mareekan waa laga soo waayey
Mareekan waa laga soo waayey
[Repeat x2]

[Verse 2: Mos Def]
Maraken, my country 'tis of thee
Sweet land for robberies
Dope smoke and SUV’s, red meat and army greens
Fat and frills, thrills and spills
Eat and sleep, hump and kill
Shop til you drop, work til you dead
Get all you can, then get in the wind
Outta my face on your knees
Sleep in the mansion, shut out the streets
Make that cake, whoop that trick
Lick my swagger suck my sick
Get high get low get stcky get rich
Get yo own show get down get quick
You slow you blow you broke your fix
Terror dome, home swag home
Terror dome, home swag home
Home swag home, home swag home

(Somalian(America))

[Verse 3- Chali 2na]
There are some things pure while certain things blur
Dilute it with the lie and you believe when it occur
Falsified information got my people in the stir
We have to be in search of something equal to the cure
Straight out the door, I come to give you more
Lay the law keep it raw, when I speak it from the core
Get underneath your skin like especially with the claw
Conflicted with the rich cuz I kick it with the poor
I laugh in the face of adversity
Sound clashed with the bass cuz its natural to me
But if you pay attention to the past you will see
Not long ago you black they'd hang your ass from a tree
Certain things things change, while some stay the same
Some are recluse others are lovers of the game
I'm trying to walk the lane, the Sirat al-Mustaqim
Instead of doing things they keep you covered in the flame

(Somali)
Nanananana that shit was cool in English, but let me get that Somali verse
(Somali)

(Somali until fade out)[Hook: K'naan]
She shot me, she shot me
Bang, bang - she shot me
(ge

[Verse 1: K'naan]
Ahh, there she goes again
The dopest Ethiopian
In other words, she came through explodin’ in the podium
Dynamite Napoleon like sodium mixed with petroleum
Slowly but surely, she was walking toward me
Cut the convo short ‘cause she had to wake up early
But continuing the story, don’t worry
She gave me digits for her Blackberry
“You’re very handsome” is what she said
And the way she looked in my eyes said, “put me to bed”
Oh my, oh my, I should have known when she said to me on the phone
“You do not know me very well, but I would never hurt a fly”
Then she aimed at my chest with love in her eye
Said she aimed at my chest with love in her eye

[Hook: Adam Levine & (K'naan)]
She was walkin’ around with a loaded shotgun
Ready to fire me a hot one
It went bang, bang, bang, straight through my heart
(Straight through my heart)
Although I could have walked away
I stood my ground and let her spray
(She shot me, she shot me
Bang, bang - she shot me)

[Verse 2: K'naan]
Scorpion, she’s so hot she’s a scorch-ian
Killing me softly: Lauryn or Kevorkian
Couldn’t tell if she’s coo-coo or quarky, when
I asked her her name she said, “call me Ten.”
Testing, testing
Things just got more interesting
She’s dressed in a vest pin, double-breasted holster
A very Western toaster
She ain’t nothing Kosher
Ah she lets me closer
Hotter than a pepper-crusted Samosa
While I try to keep my composure

[Hook]

[Bridge: K'naan]
Am I wrong?
But what is love without the pain to go along?
And what is pain, if not the reason for me to sing this song?
And this song is for the weak and for the strong
Cause I was strong and still
She got me, she got me
Bang, bang - she got me

[Hook][Verse 1: K'naan]
Since I was a kiddo, I was a leader
Heard life was a beach, but, man I wanna meet her
Swimming deeper but the grim reaper will always creep up
No ice on my bed,So I never sleep up
Flow Bolt like Usain try n keep up
Way before waving flag in the FIFA
I was a dreamer life was a gamble
Born in a casino, but god never give burdens you can’t handle
Music is my ammo, I’m ready for battle

[Hook]
Win or lose right now, I'm betting all my chips
When I'm broken down, I be brushing off my kicks
I'mma get it somehow yeah you can count on this
I'm only getting better, better, better
I'm only getting better, better, better

[Verse 2]
I would say that I've always been a winner
But, I've probably always been a sinner
Two kids and a wife couldn't give her
What she wanted so I had to break like the winter
Summer saw me fall coldplay when I shiver
Spring back up K'naan not a quitter
And success just sex trying to get her wetter
Failing is just an excuse for me to get better
Life means love, love means pain
Lust is just a part of it, charge it to the game
Rolling in the deep, what’s a nice jeep
If you can't drop the top just to park it in the rain

[Hook]

[Bridge]
One time for my thugs over seas and
Two time for my brother big league and
Three for yourself if you know to grow up
Is never giving up on your dreams and
Roll the dice life is a breeze

[Hook]

[Bridge][Hook]
Biscuit, I got my biscuit
Biscuit, Don't get it twisted
I keep them running and running
I keep them running and running
I keep them running and running
I keep them running and running
For my biscuit
Biscuit, I got my biscuit
Biscuit, Don't want to risk it
I keep them running and running
I keep them running and running
I keep them running and running
I keep them running and running

[Verse 1]

Before I wanted to spit
I wasn't so legit
I used roll with a bunch of drug-dealing immigrant hooligans
Oh yeah and when the the sun would set
Your life was in a bet
We used to click-up and stick-up pick-up
Whatever we could get
And we were deep when added up
If you the shabby luck
To meet us in an alley Fuck
My people quick to strap it up
And BurrIn a conservative form
I wanna ask you a few things before I conform
To the popular belief about where I was born
Are they still illin', still killin' poppin' the corn?
How's the horn, how's the love wavin' the ocean morn'?
How 'bout the young, do they still possess the poetry tongue?
And do they still greet sincere like the depth of the lung"
How's the nomad, did the herd graze well this year?
From the news to what I know, the growin' gap ain't clear!
How's the earth, how 'bout the stars under we conversed?
Do you still await on change like a new moon's birth?
Does it still flood ancient wisdom parallel with blood?
Do you still see the pain of vision holy/only scriptkeeper?
Or did you fight off the plight of the colonized mind?
What of the rainy season, do the kids still bury seeds?
And get taken with uncertainty like me scared of leavin? '
How are the poets, the women and the orphans torn?
I miss 'em all like, old opportunities gone
What of the elders, story tellers in abandoned homes
Miss 'em all like, childhood, reminisce with songs
Disputes, do they still settle 'em by bloodying shoes?
Fist rules, rather finger equipped with sick tools
What of the wind, I recall it was serenity's end
When the breeze would come and the trees would bend
And the people would say "look what it leads with sin"
And the air was violent and our care was silent
And the only law we bore was of pair of tyrants
Man you know, this is why I'm down in deep indigo
And I sleep really poor, on the circumstance floor
Anyway, how's stress, does it still rule your chest?
Do the camps still rape girls with no breasts?
Our moms, are they still screaming "put away the arms"?
And against the dispossession of their family-owned farms
How are the many rivers and the lakes and the seas?
Are they still angry with us for our poisonous deeds?
And the lakes and the seas
For our poisonous deeds

[Hook]
This is my blues for the horn, for the horn
This is my blues for the horn, for the horn
This is my blues for the horn, for the horn

So who's dead and who's alive, did the rates multiply?
Did the poor fight the drought with their minimum supply?
Did the warlords abort the wars and for supporting the peace, they force
To promote disease and easening 'creased divorce?
What of police and courts, are they still even in force?
Leaking pores and cheatedly to the bleeding corpse
What of the kind and good, can they still, laugh intensely
Like the, mind and word or is it, innocense lost as I understood
And what of the playwrights, reflection in the scapes of great sights
Revolution from power's the writings of brave fights
Despite the luxury that you hear(d) we live by
I head with refuges and niggers ain't share right, and
Don't you play soccer by the ocean front?
In America, I shovel the snow while I'm smoking blunts
You mean to tell me that you out there still totin' guns?
Bloating sons of the hardened, hardly copin' moms
Damn you and circumstance too I can't stand you
You make a mockery of our struggle like hollywood plans do
And I swear to god I wish you hell, burn and bake too
And I curse the Europeans who instigated you worse
And I curse the Russians who impregnated the kalashnikov birth
And hurts you never wake and see the destiny
It's like the conflict of self, submerged in satanic hate
Remember eatin' food, walking back in hot sun from school
Bare feet, the hot sand, massaging our feet is
Cause now my mother slips on the ice and her back is weak
And I feel like a failure, a mute in the age of speech
Look at me, yo! look at me, look dead in the eyes
Don't flinch, you are an accomplice to great white lies
I can't even begin to express how breakdown and stressed
I gotta live to tell, give me a bullet-proof vest

[Hook]
This is my blues for the horn, for the horn
This is my blues for the horn, for the horn
This is my blues for the horn, for the horn[Verse 1:]
It's like writing to the dead, dear people, I don't know if you'll hear my last plea
But somebody needs to be a little concerned about me, it's like I'm standing on the edge of a high tower balcony
Ya'll are rootin me to jump, nobody stoppin me
It's like a drug filled rock n roll documentary
Just wait till the world knows what's inside of me
Cause you ll be sorry when I'm gone, and I'll be gone so very soon
If the pressure on my diaphragm keeps resisting
If the feds keep my brothers stompin up and down prisons
If you can't understand my offerings and deep mission
No label is willing to see my unique vision
If metro housing keep threatning my poor mother with eviction
You'll be sorry, (you'll be sorry)
You'll be sorry if I stay so poor I can't afford my own medicine to cure my ulcer
And get vexed at every rich person that walks passed, that won't blast, just yet I don't even have enough gas to pass the exit, so don't laugh, (don't laugh) I think a smile is a charity, but fuck don't laught my anger, (resulted) from pressure, (exhaustion) my boys be (orphans), my voices, (is all bent), I'm tired (I'm coughing) my daddies, (divorcin), my momma (is hopin), my eyes be (so open), for chances, (I'm walkin), I'm walkin an
Talkin and boxing my shadow

[Hook: x3]
I hate you!, I hate this
I hate food, I won't eat
In case you, Offend me
I wait you, so don't sleep

[Verse 2:]
It's like the possibility of making it in the industry is just around the corner now
It's just about your ability, but see it's like an enigma
An insomniac singer, a dream a figment of your imagination it seems
It'll never be succesful, please protect your neck before they squeeze
I'm your biggest hater you suck, and even if you don't
You know your luck you'll probably get runover by a truck before your first label meeting
Meeting is the issue you prick, yo yo you really make me sick, no no you make me sick
I can't stand this argument, see this is what happens when my mind starts to dwell
And my strenght starts to fail
And I get an anxiety (resulted) in panic attacks (exhaustion)
I might as well look for (a fence), my health is (dissolving)
I am tired (I'm coughing) my wife is (divorcing), my girlfriend, (is open)
Cause I gotta so (open) over these niggas, (walkin) I'm walkin and talking
And boxing my shadows

[Hook x3]

[Verse 3:]
And now I sing about the poor, and I sing about the war
And how can I not represent, when I'm the most critically acclaimed
Put most emcees to a lyrical shame, get some um fame
Express my pain and still keep this shit raw, how can one person be so poor
Look at it, your better off, (without me), I mean even I (doubt me)
My own dreams, (mock me) the snicker and talk, (about me)
They want me to suffer, [? ], take my life around me, (rob me)
They got me boxing my own shadow!

[Hook x3]I’ve been running out of
My 70 excuses
There comes a point when patience
Can’t take all these abuses
Now my reserves are empty
I’m feeling kind of low
Because when do you fight for someone
And when do you let ‘em go
The other day I thought I saw you on a magazine
Your stubborn nose pretending to belong to the machine

I’ve been waiting for you to come to your senses
Holding up your heavy heart, down there in the trenches
You don’t have to carry that weight all by yourself
Even you the mercenary could use a little help
You’ve got your gun, your bulletproof pride
You never run, but you sure know how to hide

My friend said he had seen you
At a movie theatre
You looked just had you had always
Didn’t ask about me either
I won’t say life ends without you
But you’re the only answer
You got me like a thief
You got me with my hands up
The other day I thought I saw you on a magazine
Your stubborn nose pretending to belong to the machine

I’ve been waiting for you to come to your senses
Holding up your heavy heart, down there in the trenches
You don’t have to carry that weight all by yourself
Even you the mercenary could use a little help
You’ve got your gun, your bulletproof pride
You never run, but you sure know how to hide

[Bono duet with himself]

Your wish is falling before you
The stars are frustrating
You’re always into waiting love

Yeah, there’s something wrong
Yeah, be safe now
There’s a faith in my heart
Going days won’t stop
When I feel that I’m still
In the beat of your soul
When you talk
When you write
When you weave and you flow
And you leave and you stay
Only waiting is left
Now I’m kneeling around in the cold

I’ve been waiting for you to come to your senses
Holding up your heavy heart, down there in the trenches
You don’t have to carry that weight all by yourself
Even you the mercenary could use a little help
You’ve got your gun, your bulletproof pride
You never run, but you sure know how to hideHERE is a story about fame. I heard it first as a fable in Somalia, before living it out in America.

The fox, they say, once had an elegant walk, for which the other animals loved him. One day, he saw a prophet striding along and decided to improve on what was already beautiful. He set out walking but could not match the prophet’s gait. Worse, he forgot his own. So he was left with the unremarkable way the fox walks today.

Right now, the pressures of the music industry encourage me to change the walk of my songs. When I write from the deepest part of my heart, my advisers say, I remind people too much of Somalia, which I escaped as a boy. My audience is in America, so my songs should reflect the land where I have chosen to live and work.

They have a point. A musician’s songs are not just his own; he shares them with an audience. Still, Somalia is where my life and poetry began. It is my walk. And I don’t want to lose it. Or stifle it. Or censor it in the name of marketing.

I first saw censorship as a child in Mogadishu, walking into my home’s courtyard one day and hearing a radio hushed nearly to silence. The adults hovered around, listening to a song. And I asked why one song had to be played at a whisper while another could blast through the house.

A war was going on, I was told, and some songs had meanings the government did not want deciphered. Those “anti songs” were different from love songs, or folk songs. You had to take care in dressing the words. In love songs, words could preen in bright colors; in anti songs, they attacked in camouflage. And from that, I got a hint of the power of lyrics — to encapsulate magic, or to spread alarm.

Now I have recorded three albums. A few days before I was to record the third, which was released in October, I received a phone call saying my record label wanted a little talk — before the songs were written. (I like to write in the moment.) For the first two albums, there were no such talks. But that was before my name was familiar. So let me start my story there.

In 2005 I found cheap recording space and sang about the killing ground of Somalia:

“We begin our day by the way of the gun... you don’t pay at the roadblock you get your throat shot... I walk with three kids who can’t wait to meet God lately, Bucktooth, Mohamed and Crybaby.”

In 2008, with a recording budget, I went on my own to Jamaica, to Bob Marley’s old studio, and sang of a lovely, doomed young friend:

“Fatima Fatima, I’m in America, I make rhymes and I make ’em delicate, you woulda liked the parks in Connecticut... Damn you shooter, damn you the building, whose walls hid the blood she was spilling, damn you country so good at killing, damn you feeling, for persevering.”

That was my truest voice — my continent’s angst in a personal story. When I sang, my audience wouldn’t just hear music; they would see geography. And yes, it made me well known.

Which brings me to our little chat. Over breakfast in SoHo, we talked about how to keep my new American audience growing. My lyrics should change, my label’s executives said; radio programmers avoid subjects too far from fun and self-absorption.

And for the first time, I felt the affliction of success. When I walked away from the table, there were bruises on the unheard lyrics of my yet-to-be-born songs. A question had raised its hand in the quiet of my soul: What do you do after success? What must you do to keep it?

If this was censorship, I thought, it was a new kind — one I had to do to myself. The label wasn’t telling me what to do. No, it was just giving me choices and information, about my audience — 15-year-old American girls, mostly, who knew little of Somalia. How much better to sing them songs about Americans.

I also learned about the difference between Top 40 radio audiences and adult contemporary; between A.C. and urban. And between those and no radio play at all. (Which, for a second, made a voice inside me say with horror: “Hey, that’s me! I am Option C, no radio play at all.”)

And there I was, trembling between doubt and self-awareness. I had started at Option C, striving to make (and please allow room for grandiosity here) my own “Natty Dread” or my own “The Times They Are a-Changin’ .” But now, after breakfast, another voice was there, whispering how narrow the window of opportunity was.

I could reach more people, it told me. Was it right to spit in the face of fortune, to not walk in rhythm with my new audience? Didn’t all good medicine need a little sugar before it could be swallowed?

So I began to say yes. Yes to trying out songs with A-list producers. Yes to moving production from Kingston to Los Angeles. Yes to giving the characters in my songs names like Mary.

So some songs became far more Top 40 friendly, but infinitely cheaper.

On my second album, I had sung about my mother’s having to leave my cousin behind in Somalia’s war — “How bitter when she had to choose who to take with her...” Now I was left, in “Is Anybody Out There?” — a very American song about the evils of drugs — with only “His name was Adam, when his mom had ’im.”

The first felt to me like a soul with a paintbrush; the other a body with no soul at all.

SO I had not made my Marley or my Dylan, or even my K’naan; I had made an album in which a few genuine songs are all but drowned out by the loud siren of ambition. Fatima had become Mary, and Mohamed, Adam.

I now suspect that packaging me as an idolized star to the pop market in America cannot work; while one can dumb down his lyrics, what one cannot do without being found out is hide his historical baggage. His sense of self. His walk. I imagine the 15-year-old girls can understand that. If not intellectually, perhaps spiritually.

I come with all the baggage of Somalia — of my grandfather’s poetry, of pounding rhythms, of the war, of being an immigrant, of being an artist, of needing to explain a few things. Even in the friendliest of melodies, something in my voice stirs up a well of history — of dark history, of loss’s victory.

So I am not the easiest sell to Top 40 radio. What I am is a fox who wanted to walk like a prophet and now is trying to rediscover its own stride.

I may never find my old walk again, but I hope someday to see beauty in the graceless limp back toward it.[Verse 1]
I came out of a killer, neighbourhood called 'River.'
Where life expectancy is shorter than a caterpillar
I was once a gorilla, Mogadishu was my cage
My trainer was the gauge, AK was my baby sitter
When we be out and looted, the whole city was shooting
I know it's fucked up, but somehow this song became soothing
Niggas heard African rapper and thought about Umfufu
You Superman 'till the real soldier boy come to shoot you
Sexual intercourse wit your ear nigga
Fuck what you heard, yeah nigga
Come walk in the dark no fear nigga
It's a dry in my eyes no tear nigga
Word to malaria, your hood can't really compare here
Got cheese? They really love dairy uh
Come near here, I'm daring ya
I shit you not, ain't afraid life gave me a rotten lemonade
Blew up my school in the 8th grade while playing catch with a hand grenade
Yup, that's a true story. This ain't Hollywood glory
I ain't the prince of Zamunda dog, my life is too gory

[Hook]
I'm tired of always going to burials
I just wanna live a good life
So I'm coming, coming to America
I hope we gonna have a good time
Baby thanks for letting me marry ya
The green card sure looks fine
So I'm coming, coming to America
I hope we gonna have a good time

[Verse 2]
Now my second home city, what can I say
It took my fucking heart from me
I played the judge, pardon it from larceny
Oh yeah, that mean it never got no bars from me
T-dot O to the motherfucking dot B
In the Rexdale project lobby
Puck Puck but it ain't no hockey
When the cops came, they knocked me, they got me
I had to flee. They said to bargain, I had to plea
So I crossed the border while they put a warrant out for me
Which means they never got no bars from me

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Now I know, everywhere in the world, got its problems
Everybody got a dream of the green, it's the dollars
But some of us are dying in the streets, Can you figure out?
Even in America, the hoods need a ticket out

[Hook][Intro]
Yea, uhhh.. Its K'naan.. Yea, uuhh. About to take over with this, here we go I check it...

[Verse 1---K'naan]
They don`t expect me on this beat, the thunder on the street
But I never turn the cheek, surrender or retreat
You can bet that I am strong, trying to right what is wrong
They say it won't be long, keep on singing your song
But ayo you need a single, single to make a mingle
Something that's kinda simple, I'd hate to call it jingle
A single is a missile, takes you right to the middle of 106 and park and maybe Jimmy Kimmel
You'll need somebody famous co-signing for your anus
Who you got on the album I don't see where the name is
But I do it my own way I do it my own way I do, if you do what you do your own way you could be famous too

(CHORUS)

If the beat is hot does it matter where or who its from?
If the flow is hot does it really matter where I'm from?
If the song is hot does it matter cause the DJ dumb?
If the girl is hot does it really matter where she's from?
If the beat is hot does it matter where or who its from?
If the flow is hot does it really matter where I'm from?
If the club is hot does it really matter how we bump?
If the girl is hot does it really matter where she's from?

[Verse2---K'naan]
I coulda been from the west side or the Chi-Town like twista
With a flow so sick it blow you to bits it will show you the glits and gold in the wrist and the boat in the fish and I blow them a kiss, -?lets blow give them em a sweet talking in a piss while taking a piss?- are you talking to the fish or the girls in the boat exposing their tits

I coulda been from N.Y. like Rakim with the my pen
I can get paid in full  with praise and tools erased and rules my case of jewels I'm cold like a glacial cool with blades and fools I'm raging bulls

I coulda been from L.A like Dre and Snoop
Rolling in my six-four with fresh case jewels
And I'm riding on 'em niggas unless they cool
And I got border troubles like 'em essays fool

I coulda been- I coulda been from the dirty like A town or M.I.A
I could ride an invisible motor cycle and go HEY (echo hey hey)
Storm like the hurricane and I don't mean ay-bay-bay
I'm from Africa where they say K'naan- boom-aye-ay

(repeat chorus)

If you wanna make it hot then you better do a drop (echoes drop drop drop drop drop drop...)
If you wanna get a hit you better auto-tune this shit (shit, ooh yea...)
And he is tougher than you suckers none of you could ever bark at him
Look at him make you tough guys look like you are from suckatem
I do it my own my own my I do it my own way I do...If you do what you do your own way you could be famous too

Repeat chorus (x2)[Intro:]
Uh, yeah
Believe it or not
What kept me alive
Is my Dreams

[Hook: x2]
I'm a dreamer, but I ain't the only one
Got problems but we love to have fun
This is our world, from here to your hood
We alive man, it's okay to feel good!


[Verse 1: K'naan]
I got a friend named Flow
Who got a friend named Blow
With a finger named Clap
That'll leave you on the side like a Kangol hat
He ain't have no choice he was born this way
These streets pull your number like a phone display
And you gotta be defensive with your life
You gotta be like Bush and take pre-emptive strikes
And "The boys from the hood are always hard"
Let alone in Mogadishu it's a mastered art
If you bring the world hoods to a seminar
We from the only place worse than Kandahar
Man that's kinda hard
But we still like to party and Hardy-hard
Something good happens we say "Mashallah"
Something bad happens, "Que sera, sera"
I close my eyes and all I can see, is you dancing with me

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2: K'naan]
It's okay to feel good
It's the truth!
Ayyo, and check it out

What would it take for a boy about my age
To hear cheers in his head upon that stage?
And the cheers they would drown out the tears from my brown eyes
C'mon backstage
You see the screams ain't the screams from gunshot screams
In my dreams these screams are from hot teens
And I'm barely thirteen and pack a dirty
Ol' Russian firearm that shoots thirty
Just then I hear the bus engine
I'm transcendin'
I'm crowd surfin'
I can't see the time burnin'
I'm not hurtin'
With my mahogany pen
"I'm on a world Tour, with Muhammed and them!"
And we be overseas, and not in these streets
Where my peeps stay alive, like the Beegees
And the likes of Jay-Z would say my steez
Say he handily brought, hip hop peace

[Hook x2]

Sometimes we just like to have fun, man we like to forget
All the fighting, all the guns and the tires burnin

[Verse 3: K'naan]
Back on the verse
Imagine crack wasn't birthed
Imagine that Earth wasn't hurt
Imagine no Homeland alerts
Imagine no record locator
So I wouldn't have to get a criminal waiver
Imagine the piece wasn't in my briefs
Instead peace could stretch across the seas
So finally we could we could just rest in the East
No Refugees
And you, well you could dress in a book
And I could read your body with less than a look
I got a dream girl in my mind, that's the hook
An intellectual, sexual and still can cook

And I feel good right now...I feel good right here
You feel good right now? You feel good??

[Hook 2x]

[K'Naan speaking to end]
We not down and out...just because the times are hard
Uh-uh...uh-uh...yeah...shout out to the strugglers
In my country...the hardest place on Earth right now
But still...I still know how to get down
I still know how to vibe out
Still know how to talk to a pretty girl
Take it easy now...YEAH[Verse 1]
Picture the morning taste and devour
We rise early pace up the hour
Streets is bustlin' hustlin' their heart out
You can't have the sweet with no sour
Spices, herbs, the sweet scent of flower
She came out precisely the hour
Clouds disappear, the sun shows the power
No chance of a probable shower
I fell in love with my neighbors' daughter
I wanted to protect and support her
Never mind I'm just 12 and a quarter
I had dreams beyond our border

[Hook 1]
Is it true when they say all you need is just love? (Is it true?)
What about those who I have loved?
Only to find that it's taken away
And why do they say that the children have rights to be free? (To be free)
What about those who I've known
Whose memory still lives inside of me

[Hook 2]
Fatima, what did the young man say, before he stole you away?
On that fateful day Fatima
Fatima, did he know your name or the plans we made?
To go to New York City, Fatima

[Verse 2]
And after school we studied the lessons
I ask God to slow down the seconds
He does the opposite that's what I'm guessin'
I better chill and count my own blessings
Fatima, Fatima what is the matter?
How come you ain't come up the ladder?
So we can be like there's no tomorrow
Damn you gonna make me wait until tomorrow
She spoke Arabic and Swahili
She'd say "Upendo anta habibi"
You so bright, you shine like my TV
Then one day she never came to meet me

[Hook 1]
[Hook 2] x2

[Verse 3]
If beauty was in the eyes of beholder
How come everyone hushed when she walked by
How come girls would look just to scold her
How come the angel wanted to hold her?
Fatima, Fatima I'm in America
I make rhymes and I make 'em delicate
You would have liked the parks in Connecticut
You would have said I'm working too hard again
Damn you shooter, Damn you the building
Whose walls hid the blood she was spillin'
Damn you country so good at killin'
Damn you feelin' for persevering

[Hook 1]
[Hook 2]x2

[Outro]
Now I just want to make it clear
I don't want you to shed a tear
Cuz this here (Fatima) is a celebration
We're not mourning, we're celebrating
(Fatima) Yeah
So baby don't cry
Please don't let the tears fall
(Fatima) So don't cry[Verse 1]
There's no way to write it, there's no way to fight it
And I kick and scream but you got me despite it
And I got my pride so I begin to hide it
Like fire in Freetown you begin to light it

[Hook]
Aha ha Aha ha, sidii hogasha roobka
Aha ha Aha ha, you shine down upon me
Aha ha Aha ha, sidii hogasha roobka
Aha ha Aha ha, you shine down upon me

[Verse 2]
By some higher order, you keep getting bolder
By God or by country you kill like a soldier
By some riddle you sung little, but scream mighty stronger
Like fire in Freetown, you old magic spoiler

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
You place pins in my ribs and ask me to lie down
My pain is your pleasure but pleasure is all mine
You lend me your false ear, I'll lend you my false line
Like fire in Freetown, I'm fueled by your gold mine

[Hook x2]

[Bridge]
Fire fire!
Fire fire, She pulled out her match and she burned down my home
Fire fire, She always can find me, she know where I roam
Fire fire, She know where to touch me to turn me to stone
Fire fire, She come like a storm and she rain on my lawn
Fire fire, She know where to touch me to rune me to stone
Fire fire, She always can find me, she know where I roam
Fire fire, She pulled out her match and she burned down my homeIt's a movie and the whole world is viewing it
And the popcorn is dreams torn, but we're always chewing it
(They said) Dishonest by God but the costumes by the devil
And the screenplay is adapted from a book that's embezzled

This is where I grew up
This is where I grew proud
This is where neighbors never say music is too loud
This is where the streets have no name, but they have history
This is loss is victory

Oh my name it ain't nothing; my age it means less
The country I come from could be like the rest
I was taught and brought up there, laws to abide
And the land that I live in has God on its side

I was young; I grew. I could tie my shoe
I was blind, but I knew that I would always see blue
Blue seas I see through on the bottom I'll meet you
And when we come up for a breath would you mind if I kiss you?

Childhood came up for the kiss, but it slips its pain in with mist
And the sunny skies came and I missed it
Vanished and when swept
Landed we slept in the arms of convenience, blanket obedience

Now to some of the Americans
War had its day
And the Civil War too was soon laid away
And the names of our warlords
I was made to memorize
With guns in their hands, they said
God's on their side

I had an undying wish to keep from dying
I had an untimely hitch keep me from climbing
But I climbed a hitch itself and I tried flying
I had an uprising in my soul
The left was fight in the right
And the right was fight in the light
And the light was blind in the night
And the night woke up in tears
When my fingers went to wipe them
They became a poem but to write then
They would have to speak tears in another language
That would take years

So now as I'm leavin'
I'm weary as Hell
The confusion I'm feelin'
Ain't no tongue can tell
The words fill my head
And fall to the floor
If God's on our side then would you ever need war?Nelly: I saw you yesterday, your eyes all a-glazed, oh no
Was it too much for you to take?
Did you want the pain to go away?

K'naan: Yeah, I'll take it

I knew I had to leave that trash on my sleeves;
Got caught up in the streets
I couldn't really breath
Oh, no {Oh, no}
So, then I took a gun
Looked up into the sun
The tears began to run
Remembered when I was little one (Oh, no)

That day, the mist in the morning
Made me feel like I was alone and
My soul in-a started swelling
Was it you, behind me, calling?
That day, the mist in the morning
Made me feel like I was alone and
My soul in-a started swelling
Was it you, behind me, calling?

Together:
Are you going away? Are you going away?
Are you going away? Are you going away?

Nelly: Remember?

K'naan: Remember there was that one summer you went away to school?
Nelly: My parents got a new job and I had to change schools
K'naan: And there was that one time you went away to camp?
Nelly: Letters everyday until I got back

K'naan: But, you said 'I'll keep in touch' but my life got too rough
Nelly: You were always so touched
K'naan: Well, I guess I had enough

Nelly: That day, in the misty morning
Was it you, behind me, calling?
Remember when we used to swing in the lawn and
Sing that song 'till one of us would fall

Together: Lalalalala, etc

Are you going away? Are you going away?
Are you going away? Are you going away?
Are you going away? Are you going away?
Are you going away? Are you going away?
Are you going away? Are you going away?

I think I saw you on the bus today
I think I felt you in the wind today
I think I saw you in the street today
I think I felt you in the trees today
I think I felt you in the rain today
I think I saw you in the grocery store
I saw you in the back of the cab
I saw in the back of that cab

Anyways, guess I'm going away
Guess I'm going away (Bye bye)
Guess I'm going away
Guess I'm going away