[Intro: 50 Cent]
Yeah, uh-huh
They don't do it how we do
Niggas ain’t on the shit we on (we on, we on)
Everything new
Spikes on the Louboutins (boutins, boutins)

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
I'm 'round the bullshit like a matador
I’m used to the bullshit, it don’t matter boy
Corporate acquisitions, accumulations of wealth
Build with the gods and double knowledge of self
Entrepreneur visions, Moulin Rouge religion
That pussy make a weak nigga break down
So which you want, the cheese or the cheeks
You want the cheeks but she want the cheese, a bitch gotta eat
I’m havin’ the epiphany you niggas ain’t shit to me
Worse than the scum in the slum I’m from
I’m a Southside nigga, yeah I’m ‘bout mine
You be that next nigga coroners come outline
You ain’t made of what I’m made of
You a bum nigga with a bum bitch, her shoes come from Bakers
Counterfeit, fraudulent fakers
What kind of rich nigga bitch look like that?

[Hook: 50 Cent]
We on now; we pullin’ off the lot
Brake hit the button then we pulling, down the top
Shine’s on stuntin’ and I’m pullin’ out a knot
Strapped with the Glock won’t pull it out a lot but front, I’ll make it pop
Y’all don’t do it how we do
Niggas ain’t on the shit we on (we on, we on)
Everything new
Spikes on the Louboutins (boutins, boutins)
We up, nigga!

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Visualize everything I needed and dream (uh-huh)
Penalized every ho nigga that have a scheme (what else?)
Guns in your video get you locked in a bing
Yeah, I kill a nigga quick, no worries, my record clean
Murder one become manslaughter as soon as they brought up
Charity work, parking tickets and no charges
Fuck nigga you fucked over your father when he gave you a dick
Should have been a bitch in pajamas
I made my first million fucking dollars
Bought a Bible, oh yeah, God got me
Made my second million dollars, bought a chopper and a binocular
I'm scared, this shit don't happen to everybody
I'm on Instagram looking at your favorite singer
Debating on should I fuck her or jump on her single
20 thou, she got a hell of a adlib
I'm in her mouth like I knew I could have kids, K-Dot

[Hook]

[Verse 3: 50 Cent]
Good pussy for dinner, bomb kush for breakfast
D colored VS stones around my neck bitch
It feels like a nigga dreamin’
Seat back, music bumpin’, niggas leanin’
Bulls eye, that’s what we came for
The bread, now a nigga run the game boy
I should’ve sent the broad to report what’s in the yard
Aloof livin’, I came up so hard
No pain, no gain, it’s embedded in the brain
I’m in it for the grip, motherfuck the fame

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Kidd Kidd]
‘Round the world tourin’, the city got boring
Bury me a G with a new pair of Jordans
Coupe foreign, top peeled like an orange
Blue Ferrari, so many iron horses
Living life with no worries
My gun got a Zodiac sign, it's a Taurus
Don't make it slam on you like Amar'e
M-Zone Rida Gang end the story
Oops, that's your baby, my bad, I'm sorry
She call me daddy too, we should be on Maury
Everything you aren't, fly nigga soaring
Purple label Ralph Lauren, kick game like Atari
You so special, bedroom or restroom
Just keep performing, go girl
About to film a movie, guess who's starring[Intro: Kidd Kidd]
Tell all my haters this is payback
And I ain't talkin' givin' change back
I left the streets and then I came back
Hundred percent, you couldn't change that

[Hook: Kidd Kidd]
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected

[Verse 1: Kidd Kidd]
I say all of my niggas trigger happy
We poppin' bottles like we shootin' at you
Since '95 I had a smokin' habit
That soft white, we call it Roger Rabbit
I know that work be lookin' good in traffic
You run up on me, I'ma let you have it
Ain't got no girlfriend, they too dramatic
And broke niggas causin' too much static

[Hook: Kidd Kidd]
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I'm stressin' out cause all my bitches love me, but it's lovely
Get that cheese, don't trust Chuck E., bitch don't touch nothin'
Come on pussy nigga, try your luck, better be lucky
Shut up, let the money talk, don't interrupt me
Eat that pussy like the last supper, we pour it up
My fruit punch got on brass knuckles, you heard me?
And if I make it through the night I pray I wake up
To a bad bitch with no makeup
And I'm geekin' like an A plus

[Hook: Kidd Kidd]
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected

[Verse 3: Kidd Kidd]
Won't a real nigga come on, [?]
Tell them bitches that I say that
They tried to say that I was worthless
And that my life, it had no purpose
They want indict me with the RICO
They say they caught me talkin' kilos
Me and my people off the east coast'll
Beat the game like a cheat code
Money never on vacation, my corner never vacant
Got what it takes to make it, I don't make it I'ma take it
I was local, I was nation, I went global, they start hatin'
I come from the end of somethin' so I spend more than I'm makin'

[Hook: Kidd Kidd and Lil Wayne]
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected

[Outro: Kidd Kidd]
I got some bad bitches in my section
They say I ball so hard I got ejected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected[Verse 1: August Alsina]
Word got around that a nigga got shot
Heard a nigga drew down' and he bucked so his ass got popped
We was on my block trying to move these rocks
Trying to stack this cash on the low, gotta duck these cops
We was right off 3rd and Pollock chillin' in the back of the track
Niggas got packs, trying to get them racks
X5 I was riding in the back
With the brother's' fried chicken and the gat in my lap
17 had no dreams, drinking 4 LOKO, Sprite and codeine
First class I was on lean, said fuck high-school, so I left Reed

[Bridge: August Alsina]
No one told me life would be this way
I swear nobody told me
Guess this is the game we chose to play
Crazy how it's always been the same

[Hook: August Alsina]
People dying every day
That ain't nothing new when you from downtown, downtown
Out here trying to make a way
I won't let these niggas take me downtown, down
(So I ride) riding on these niggas, I be riding, I be riding on 'em
Riding on these niggas, I be riding, I be riding on 'em
(So I ride) riding on these niggas, I be riding, I be riding on 'em
Riding on these niggas, I be riding, I be riding on 'em

[Verse 2: August Alsina]
Phone just ringing heard a nigga got got
He was over on the East last thing that he heard six shots
He ain't getting no love from the cops, nobody got caught
Real talk when I heard who it was, my heart near damn stop
Somebody done killed my brother
Now I gotta get back, let 'em know cause a nigga gotta feel that
Sitting shotgun with the shot gun
When you hear the shots come, nigga don't run
Already bad, it can only get worse
Hand full of steel cause the shit still hurts
Cut so deep when they put him in the hearse
Never saw 25, had to put 'em in the dirt

[Bridge: August Alsina]
No one told me life would be this way
I swear nobody told me
Guess this is the game we chose to play
Crazy how it's always been the same

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kidd Kidd]
Once upon a time downtown in the 9 (9th ward)
Where they don't mind dyin'
Sworn to a life of crime, was a youngin' only stood 5'5
Big money on his mind
Clothes ain't wrinkled while his hands on his iron
Shot six times right in front of my mom (dear lord)
Had a .32, man, I'm lucky to survive
On that Pac "Juice" real niggas don't die
Bitch, I'm from A-town (huh), slang crack on the same sac
Blood stains there from a homie with his head cracked (blaow)
Home Gs like A-Wax
They been doing this shit way back since A-Track (free PJ)
And we yell "Rida Gang Act"
You can get fame there from the way you go and bang that
Truth from the head watch how you aim that
Price on your head and we gonna take that
It's about to go down
You ain't about this then you better go now
Sun going down, keep the 'dow down
Everybody lay down, ski mask down (huh)
All you gonna see is my eyes and my frown
Last thing you hear is my gun going pow
It happens every day round my way
This ain't nothing new you grew up downtown - huh!

[Hook][Hook: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (Like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (Like a cop car)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Doin' a buck in the latest drop
I got stopped by a lady cop
She got me thinking I can date a cop
Cause her uniform fit her so tight
She read me my rights
She put me in her car, she cut off her lights
She said I had the right to remain silent
Now I got her hollering, sounding like a siren
Talking 'bout, wee-oo-wee-oo-wee
Wee-oo-wee-oo-wee, wee-oo-wee-oo-wee
And I know she the law, and she know I'm the boss
And she know I get high a-bove the law
And she know I'm raw, she know I'm from the streets
And all she want me to do is fuck the police
Talking 'bout, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
And after we got done
I said "Lady, what's your number?" she said "911"
Emergency only!
Head doctor perform surgery on me
And now I'm healed
I make her wear nothing but handcuffs and heels
And I beat it like a cop
Rodney King, baby, yeah I beat it like a cop
Hah! Beat it like a cop
Rodney King baby said "Beat it like a cop"
But I ain't tryna be violent
I'll do the time, but her love is timeless
Mrs. Officer:
I know you wish your name was Mrs. Carter, huh?
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (Like a cop car)

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kidd Kidd]
Mrs. Officer, Mrs. Officer
Tell your lieutenant get them cuffs off of ya
I'm Kidd Kidd, my face on every wanted poster
I'm wanted by every lady cop all over
That ass so big, I catch a battery to hold ya
My hands so big, you thought I told ya to pull it over
She pulled me over, pulled me out the Rover
Then she pulled me closer, do me in the back of the car
Put me in handcuffs, start ripping my pants off
(All you heard on the dispatcher is...)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh wee

[Hook]

[Bridge: Bobby V]
Maybe you can lock me up and throw away the key
Call your sergeant and tell him you can't finish your shift
Cause it's on tonight
Breakfast in bed, turns to breakfast and head
And I can't wait to get it on
I wanna do it all night long, Mrs. Officer

[Hook][Produced by Medi and G Rocka]

[Hook: 50 Cent]
Nigga, you pussy, you scared
I can hear your heartbeat
Why the fuck would you come around here?
I can hear your heartbeat
Yeah, you know a dog sense fear
I can hear your heartbeat
You bark while we bite around here
I can hear your heartbeat

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
We ain't cut from the same cloth, we into different shit
I want the bread, you want the bitch
Come out your mouth slick I'll get you hit
My niggas hungry, they hit a lick
Fuck who you're with, niggas'll dump a clip
We by the school yard waiting for you to get your kid
I caught a A1 felony on my last bid
Kept calm, made bond, I'm on that shit
You think my rap shit a gimmick, I ain't seen parole in a minute
Truth be told these niggas is hoes
Once the shit set off, man, anything goes
Through the windows of your soul, the eyes never lie
If you ain't scared to die, nigga, why would you cry?

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jadakiss]
30 something and you ain't never open your mouth yet
Social media is giving cowards an outlet
See him in person, say something, I doubt that
Rather get caught with it than get caught without that
Trying to back peddle and stumble on the curve
You stayin' at the ground, you mumblin' your words
Literally I can see your heart pumpin' through your shirt
Pussy your whole life, you always been a bird
Scared for so long it's all up in your nerves
Screw 9-1-1, you probably call up the reserves
And I'm killin' you first, if we ever do a purge
And you know what it is, kid, whenever we emerge
And I'm tragical, traumatical, no match, incompatible
Nigga, you vaginal

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kidd Kidd]
Money for bail, money to bail
Dead or in jail, Heaven or Hell
FEDs on my coat tail, snitches given court tales
Kept fate when all hope fail
Niggas rattin', all they missin' is the tail like Mickey Mouse
Call me Mickey Mantle when I bat you in the mouth
I bring them hammers out, we ain't trying to build a house
Niggas on them songs rappin' shit they ain't about
I'm from the N-O, we don't scrap, we bang it out
Bang, I'm the one that came in your house for the chickens
Left a nigga brains hangin' out like we chillin'
Stankin' like shipments, over my shillings
Hump your security, Rida gang in the building

[Hook][Hook - Lil Wayne]
I love all my bitches, that's my fuckin' problem
A 2 dollar bill is still a couple dollars
And if any one of them niggas got a fuckin' problem
I'mma milk all of 'em cause they fuckin' cowards
I love red bitches, there's just something 'bout 'em
But I'm gettin' better pussy from a brown one
Been schoolin' y'all niggas, I'm your alma mater
I'm the shit, where the fly swatter

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
I know you dykin' who you eatin' on
Make me think about all them nights we got a threesome on
Make me think about how you suck it like your teeth are gone
If your friends hatin' on you, fuck 'em to each his own, yessir
I do my drugs then I sleep 'em off
Like it just be callin' me, I need to turn my ringer off
Ain't a fuckin' singalong unless you brought the weed along
That kush, okay I got it, that kush
Cop pounds and put my people on
We can take the stairs up to the stars that's where we belong
Fuck that shit you talk, I beat that pussy like production
Or like Rocky, beat the Russian
Or like Jordan, beat the buzzer
Nigga, gimme what you've got, take that money like an usher
One man band, all you hear is repercussion
Told a bitch, too much selfish gonna lead to self destruction
She looked me in my eyes and said
Man, I ain't worried 'bout nothin'
I said shorty, you a beast

[Hook - Lil Wayne]
I love bad bitches, okay, what's the problem
If she thinks she gonna come up then I'mma fuckin' drown her
I'm wilder than public schools and public housing
Can't afford failure, I'm just browsing
I was 15 with $100,000
And if you talk trash I'mma fuckin' possum
And nigga, if your bitch got eye problem
You know what it is, armed robbery
Tunechi

[Verse 2 - Euro]
I heard 'em tell me "Go get 'em, young"
I haven't seen a movie since I started livin' one
I be in a room full of bitches gettin' drunk
Smokin' like a point guard, no look, passin' blunts
Fuck you talkin' 'bout? Euro, this and that
Wanna walk in these shoes? Have the outfit to match
And niggas schemin' on what I had, but
We gon' put money in the bag or a body in the bag (You choose)
And all these new bitches old news
Throwin' stacks at 'em like "That's prolly gon' bruise"
And every dream girl that I fucked came true
Now every night feels like deja vu
And the hatin's no use, she ain't waitin' on you
I tell a baby, "Tell ya man kick rocks with no shoes"
And I murder that pussy, and I ain't leave a clue
Cause I put her on her knees and made her swallow all the proof
That sick shit, I'm ill, yeah, I'm a fuckin' problem
I'm fine wit' it, though, bitches like fuckin' problems
And I can't solve shit if I'm the fuckin' problem
Just know I got 'em, let me know if there's a fuckin' problem
Out the city, but you can't take the city out 'em
I know these hoes well, see the water spittin' out 'em?
Long story short, money always colorblind
She blew the team for some Red Bottoms
(Euro)

[Verse 3 - Kidd Kidd]
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin problem
Had a few ugly bitches but I had to hide em
Can't live with em, Can't live without em
Can't trust them hoes poking holes up in condoms
Put a S on her breast, she a supermodel
If you swallow these kids, does that make you childish
Now she say I got a fuckin problem
Because I fucked her once and gave a fuck about her
Her hair blown out like the 80s
I drive these bitches crazy, mental asylum should pay me
I ain't looking for a lady, call Will Smith to get you hitched
I ain't looking for a wife, I need a one night trick
That can ride it like that, suck it like this
Hit it from the back in the back of the whip
I'm a mac, I'm a pimp girl
You don't need make up, put this mac on your lips
She drive a X5, beefin' with her ex man
Baby Ima dog and a DMX fan
Told myself I wouldn't mess with my ex again
Popped a lil x then i tried explain
I keep it too real to ever be a lame
Too many girls in this world, you all be lame
She all on my dick cause I got street fame
Told that thirsty ass bitch don't speak my name
Kidd Kidd, a nut from the 9
Tell em don't worry bout me I'm just fine
Girl if you comin' with me then let's ride
I know you want money so don't waste my time
Uh, wear that ass out fuck her till we pass out
Fuck a hotel, we goin' to my mans house
Scratch that your baby mama was an Amtrak
We treat that pussy like some good weed and pass that
Yeah, to my niggas, she fuck my niggas
Bought some bitches, and she was wit' it
With you she wasn't, but she did it
She let you lick it, but never stick it
You be trippin, you say you fallin
Nigga you slippin, stupid ass nigga tryna' fall in love
If i fall it's gon be from too many drugs
You asking questions, bout what she was
With the rider game, she told you in the club[Intro: Kidd Kidd]
Remember when nigga used to pay bingo? Like yo man, bingo man, that's my call for real

[Verse 1: Kidd Kidd]
Killers don't have no conscience, blat, won't think about it
Trap up in them houses, rats, they Mickey Mouses
Gats up in their trousers
Ma came in and gave me a slap
Said she found all that crack under her couches
I can't sleep, Fred Kruger in my dreams
Call niggas a machines, all ya'll work for me
And I'd rather work a triple beam than at Burger King
Rob you for your bling bling, give me all your ching ching
Flip your pockets from your jeans, make sure I got everything
Before I leave, life's a bitch, and we just havin' a fling
Man this chrome is like a phone, better answer it when it rings
Let it ring 'til it click, empty clip
You can smell me and see I've been through some shit
With my clique
M-Zone, Rida Gang, now these hoes gon' ride the dick
It's because of street fame these bitches know what it is
They gone say I'm doing my thing when I pull up in that six
Lord knows

[Hook x2: Kidd Kidd + (50 Cent)]
All I ever wanted was a big body Benz
Big body Benz, big body Benz
All I ever wanted was a big body Benz, big body Benz
(And a clean set of rims)

[Verse 2: 50 Cent]
Pushin' coke and bought them Regals and them large DeVilles
Then they got them vapor bitches, I'm like this for real?
Me, I want that big Benz with the emblem in the grill
Start packin' the steel, lettin' niggas know the deal
I want that shit so bad, start thinkin' 'who I got to kill?'
That's how a nigga feel when we out there in the field
That Glock was pumpin', paper comin', how can niggas chill?
Barrel link manage gold teeth, put gold all in my grill
Shoot out shit, I rob your bitch, I use her as a shield
Shit look at the wheels, whooo, look at the wheels
Chrome two piece Lorenzos got me lookin' like a mil
Peace called, if you wanna talk then later we can build

[Hook x2: Kidd Kidd + (50 Cent)]
All I ever wanted was a big body Benz
Big body Benz, big body Benz
All I ever wanted was a big body Benz, big body Benz
(And a clean set of rims)

[Verse 3: Lloyd Banks]
Sittin' back in my new AMG, smokin' with 2 thou' 15
Golden wrist, few pounds of green
Park this shit, shoot down your teams
Now it seems, oh so clear through Beams
Flow so dope, I lean
Fuck you mean? Lucky that you breathe
Choke the leaf
Focus through my new designer lens
Tell her not her friends
Beaucoup dollars spent, new jewels line 'em in
Too cool time to win, I'm on top again
You gon' chop me off and 'scuse me out?
Bullshit you about, front, them Rugers out
Face the sword, no risk, no reward
Peace talk won't go nowhere, gets ignored
Price you can't afford, white man at your courts
Get you more, right here like before
Seen it all my life shit end like this
Come back filthy rich, still not guilty, bitch

[Hook x2: Kidd Kidd + (50 Cent)]
All I ever wanted was a big body Benz
Big body Benz, big body Benz
All I ever wanted was a big body Benz, big body Benz
(And a clean set of rims)

[Outro: Kidd Kidd]
Nigga nah mean? Dreams, street dreams, yah feel me? Free PJ, free my lil' homie Chucky, yah know I'm sayin'? Straight up and down, man. Free my nigga [?] just caught 10, yah feel that? Damn, shit real, man. We just was all real niggas man, just out here chasin' our dreams, man. Everybody wanna be fly, everybody wanna live flashy. You know I'm sayin'? It's all about feedin' the fam, man. Straight up and down, so we gon' do whatever it takes to get it[Verse 1: D-Dash]
It's-It's-It's-It's D-Dash(Squad!)
I need a healthy free bag(Burr!)
Diamonds playing freeze tag(Burr!)
Pussy nigga I bleed swag(Squad!)
Shout to Reese homie(What's happening!)
Fuck with niggas, I'm 300
(Oh fuck, niggas!)
They ask me where I been at?
Bitch I been getting money

[Pre-Hook: Sy Ari Da Kid]
I Say
300 niggas
(What up?)
300 G's
(Salute)
Promoters can't stand us, we show up 300 deep
(Hello!)

I Say it 300 times
We what the streets wanna see
Feel like 300 spartans, stomping with 600 feet
(Spartans!)

[Hook: Sy Ari Daa Kid]
Squad up!
(Squad! Squad!)
Squad up!
(Squad! Squad!)
Squad up!
(Squad! Squad!)
Squad up!
(Squad! Squad!)

[Verse 2: Sy Ari Da Kid]
Yeah
3-3-300 spartans, leading and marching
Swimming in women, I'm sleeping with dolphins(Nah!)
Pay me no need for the bargain
Laughing at broke niggas leasing apartments
People are talking, saying I'm tripping
I murder 'em, kill 'em, then pee on his coffin
(Bah!)
Barking, Sy Ari, Fuck 'em, and leave 'em
They treat 'em like he Mr. Marcus

[Verse 3: Translee]
Mafio! Ma-Mafio!
No patience for sloppy ho's
Translee checking in, checking in
Like the lobby flow
I sign by the x, and get them o's
Tha-That's a kiss
People that just don't give a fuck!
Tha-Tha-Tha-That's my niggas

[Verse 4: VerseSimmonds]
My niggas rolling round with that fully automatic
Illmatic, God damnit
If your bitch get it up, then you know she gotta have it
I'm on every type of drug, if you know what I mean
If you cross that line, we gon' make that sing
Too much money to be getting, for you to be hating on me
That's a bitch trait
I'm too real, you too fake
I got two guns, for that toothache
(Ferg's)

[Verse 5: Que]
My squad full of young niggas(Young niggas)
Drug dealers(Aye)
ThunderCats(Yeeeah)
Chopper punk a nigga like Ashton Kutcher(Rrrrah!)
Make a nigga dip like a running back(Yooom!)
Pop up on you like a instant message(Hee!)
Clapping shit, no jumping jacks(No!)
My niggas like me, I dun' made this shit clear(What?)
You front me a pack, I ain't coming back
(Que!)

[Pre-Hook + Hook]

[Verse 6: K-Camp]
Dirt Game niggas, yeah squad(Squad!)
K-Camp screaming link up(Link up!)
300 niggas, that's 300 mu'fuckers
Trying to get it in by the trucks(Wassup!)
I'm a hot young nigga, that'll take your bitch
Too fly, I can land on a cloud(On a cloud)
Money on me, your ho on me now
Too turnt and I can't turn down
Wassup

[Verse 7: Stuey Rock]
See I got 300 niggas
That mean it's 600 pistols
And if you run up, start talking shit
We gon' let them things hit you
Naw!
Ain't gotta be no issue(No, no)
Them things gon' let loose(Bow, bow!)
Them bullets get to barking, them biting pit bulls gon' get you

[Verse 8: Tha Joker]
I wet you, like a pan handle
My whole city, they 'bout the action
I light you up, L.A. gear's
I'm going in, like close contractions
Get the picture, emoji
I rap, but I had that sack first
Pussy nigga don't play with me
I am live spelled backwards

[Verse 9: Jose Guapo]
If a nigga, want his issue
He can get it quick
Know my niggas, got them choppers
They pull up with them sticks
And his bitch's legs
Now we going hard
I'll fuck your broad
Guapo fucking with the squad

[Pre-Hook + Hook]

[Verse 10: Chaz Gotti]
Dead guys in my pockets, got me dead man walking
Catch me in the club nigga, ain't no talking
I'm swagging with no rhythm, but I'm money walking
Chaz Gotti
I'mma finish what Slim Dunkin started

[Verse 11: BoDeal]
Look
King of Clan,Brick Squad
Everybody know me(Bo!)
I be scrapping niggas low-key(Bo!)
It's that Chi hitter Bo D(Right!)
If you want beef, I got that
These niggas with me O.C
If I nod, they popping that heat(Brrat!)
But I don't really need it
Cold D
Bo!

[Verse 12: BambinoGold]
Ran-Ran through 300 packs(Moneeeeey!)
In 300 minutes
Bambino got a sack(Young BinoGold!)
And I love to spend it(Yeeuuuh!)
I'm my own boss, cap'o, and lieutenant(Yeeuuuh!)
Great product, trap star
Bi-Bi-Bi-Bitch I'm winnin'
(Moneeeeey!)

[Verse 13: Dae Dae]
I'm-I'm-I'm squading up(Squad!)
Ya'll niggas time is up(Turn up!)
Stevie Wonder with that chopper, bitch I'm blind as fuck(Cheah!)
Put them lighters in the air
One-One time for Dunk
(Pedro!)
Dae Dae got them applications
Sign 'em up

[Verse 14: Doe Boy]
(Doe!)
300 niggas(Ah!)
That's 300 triggers(Yah!)
Ya'll got 300 niggas, but ya'll got like zero killers(Buh, baah!)
We pull up with the pistols, my niggas shoot
They won't miss him(Nah!)
Disrespect
We gon' kill him
(You think I'm playing?!)
Pop a bean and forget him

[Hook]

[Verse 15: Scotty ATL]
I took 'bout $300
Built this shit from the gorund
I took 'bout 300 days
I'm trying to turn up my town
Nigga be cool, but you don't want a problem
I ain't say a word, but these ho's gon' flop
New A-Town
And my nigga James, shit real
Don't believe just watch

[Verse 16: Issa]
O-O-Okay it's F Y B
Pu-Put a 300 deep
An-And she say she vegan, but she could still get the meat
Don't fuck with industry niggas, I fuck with in-the-street niggas
A-A-And I need me a shrink, I'm fucked up mentally nigga

[Verse 17: John John Da Don]
300 niggas
(Leggo!)
We 300 deep
We cut from the same cloth, so it's like 300 me's
Homie say he don't believe, I guess he wanna see
That's backwards, cause he's a vegetable if he wanna beef

[Verse 18: FlyGuyVeto]
Ay
I say them bitch niggas be hiding(Be hiding)
But real niggas move in silence(In silence)
Got 300 killers, 300 pistols
Better know my niggas be wildin'(Be wildin')
And every one around be silent(They silent)
No flaw niggas in my circle(Close)
Stay street, it's a code we follow(Follow)
Only moving's by them dollars

[Pre-Hook + Hook]

[Verse 19: Migos - Offset]
No-no-no solider but I got troops(I do!)
A whole bunch goons on the roof, they gon' shoot(Rrrah!)
Cut the top off the head, just like a coupe(Cut it off!)
What you wanna do?
We can fight, we can shoot(We can do it)
Shit's getting nasty, wrap 'em in the plastic
Throw him in the trash, now the nigga looking trashy(Trashy)
Whole clique full of shooters, just like the Mavericks(Rrrah!)
We don't give a fuck, put a nigga in the casket
(Buh, bow!)

[Verse 20: Migos - Quavo]
Extendo-Extendo longer than a ruler(What?)
All my niggas, they shooters(Bow!)
Place your order in Bermuda(Go!)
I got more keys than a computer(Whoa!)
Don't move wrong, he might shoot ya(Don't move!)
My team ballin' like Buddha
31 in the clip, Reggie Miller(Rrrah!)
Put you in the lake, no timber
(Gone!)

[Verse 21: Migos - Takeoff]
300 like Chief Keef(300)
Squad up if you want beef(Squad up)
I'mma tell you like a OG told me(What he say?)
Migo plugged, they stocked in the street(Migooo!)
Wanna go to war like spartans
Hit 'em with the carbine
And I keep the strap, like Marvin the Martian
Gas and the Glock in the glove compartment
Free Westside, tell them fuck (?)

[Verse 22: Tabius Tate]
Okay I'm 300
Million
One more shout, free Meech nigga
Rap game in a chokehold like-(Gaaasp!)
Go to sleep nigga
Started from the bottom, now we here mu'fucker
We some real mu'fuckers, and I feel great
I'm Tabius Tate, I'm like Will Smith
I'm a fresh price, and I fill banks!

[Verse 23: Zeus]
(LoC, LoC!)
44s and big Glocks(Bullets!)
Kush, coke, and flip lock(Put, put!)
Young God gon' flip drop, in big rocks, see the big watch(Rrrrrrrrr!)
Dope time, nigga tick tock
Flip flop, get a big shot
(Bullets!)
Dumb nigga got away punk
Flip fling like a big shot

[Verse 24: Kidd Kidd]
G-Unit all on my back nigga
I move weight like a fat nigga
N O mane Zan nigga
Throw my set up like bad dinner
Ask yo ho, I'm that nigga
Kidd Kidd, kidnap niggas
Hit your family, bowtie'd
And gift wrap with ya
Merry Christmas

[Verse 25: Nyemiah]
I don't fall in line, I lead it
Heads up, I'm so conceited
I ain't never seen a dude that I needed
Say shit once, and I don't repeat it
Sweden in that B.M
10 stars, they can't see in
But it ain't no creepin', don't be sleepin'
Supremacy 300, knee deep in

[Verse 26: Jacquees]
Young Eastside nigga Jacquees(Jacquees)
In the coupe, probably doing top speed
(Okay)
Got your girl, and she probably on her knees
(Right)
She 25, but I'm only 19(Nooooow)
(G-G-Get down, get down)
(Nooooow)
This young nigga bout to blow
(Nooooow)
I can earn my stripes
So that they already know

[Verse 27: Retro Jace(Two9)
Drop 'em aside like Compton
Potato on the tip like condoms
Calculator clip, they don't want no problem
4-5 Just like a pill, might pop 'em
Uh, Goon's that'll shoot you for a hoodie
Copped a camera man, just to get the footage
Whole crew gon' mob, and I don't mean Goodie
Hit him in the head, and he gon' need goodies

[Outro: Flex Knox]
Oooooh!
Yes, yes!
You just experienced
Wrath of the Titans
Monsters unite
And it went down
Heavy, heavy, heavy
Ruuuuuuuow[Hook: 50 Cent]
Until God calls for me I'mma keep ballin', keep on ballin'
To my niggas and my bitches looking down on me
I know y'all see me when I'm ballin'
You know I got to keep ballin'
Till the FEDs come we ballin' out
Y'all niggas y'all know what this about when I'm ballin'
That stash house, we in and out
We ballin', ballin', ballin', we shot callin'

[Verse 1: Tony Yayo]
Versace down from my head to my neck
Pootie Tang with the belt game, show some respect
All these bitches on my dick, same, old shit
R.I.P. to Pimp C, I'm the same, old pimp
Fly over seven different time zones
I got a big booty bitch up in shroom zone
Got emergency blunts when I come home
Cause that rapper weed'll have your lungs gone
Yeah, Malibu beaches, unlaced bikini bottoms
Mo' money, mo' problems, fo' fo' will solve 'em
Just every day I'm with a stank sip, 30 in the clip
Riding through that Gaza Strip, kill a nigga quick
Hit a nigga with my race car, Tony Yayo turn to Tony Stewart
Rap niggas die over music

[Verse 2: Young Buck]
Just got this brand new chopper and I'm dying to use it
Dry snitching niggas testifying in their music
I seen niggas last five minutes then they lose it
Wrap the sheet around his neck, he said, "this time I couldn't do it"
A platinum nigga in the penitentiary going, "do it"
Put Prada on the prison yard, started getting to it
Two zero's,  six, six, nine, 'o seven five
That's the number that they gave me when I arrived
It's just another form of slavery that's in disguise
To all my niggas locked up just trying to survive, I know why

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kidd Kidd]
I'm yelling money over bitches, money over everything
Money got me everything, every watch, every chain
Every brick, every whip, kicks with designer names
I used to hustle taxes, whose child I can claim
Paid all my mama's bills so how can she complain?
Call my bitches dimes, I treat 'em like loose change
Kobe Bryant in the clutch, ballin' with my ankle sprained
No love, got it out the mud, my shirt ain't got a stain
Iced out Rollie, three fingers reppin' Rida Gang
Entire streets in the streets so them hoes know I came

[Verse 4: Lloyd Banks]
Ballin' on these hoes all the time
You got your kids, don't need mine
Word to my favorite design, my mama raised me to shine
These C-notes play in my mind, they on rewind
I am top five alive, I've been picked out by God
I'm never not on my job, too hard to argue that
Shining my records like, "where's my target at?"
Came through your stereo, feel me charging back
I'm owing you 15 bombs for that
Stains in the garden, hear when they all go black
Cracks in the armor, this reach further than rap
Before we start react, mob attack
Stacks or don't call me, rain down 'til nobody standing
Won't show no snipe for your army

[Hook][Hook: 50 Cent]
You better walk
Cause I ain't into talking
I hit you up
I put you in your coffin
You see with me it's really not a game
I hit them up
Lay them down
Bang bang
(2x)

[Verse 1: Kidd Kidd]
This around shack where's is at?
Click clack gimme dat POW POW BAP BAP THAT'S THAT!
Let my chiddy bang bang, I ain't wit da chitta chat
Play my role script was that the code I'm a stick with that
Been made my mind up to be the first dumpin'
Since a nigga shot at me right after we jumped him
I told Tity, Baby, and Mane not to touch 'em
I used fuck wit 'em, now I'm like fuck 'em
Dick in the dust, my rider's gon' do it
Real nigga shit I give 'em the gun to do it
Nigga shit real you can die over your music
Whatchu gon do kill a nigga youtube it it look stupid nigga
You, you, you, and you a bitch
Now look how I played you like a do a bitch
I don't talk it I walk it, put your coffin on an auction
My zodiac sign says caution, nigga

[Hook: 50 Cent]

[Verse 2: Kidd Kidd]
Just cause you pussy nigga you ain't got nine lives
I pack 50 shots you get hit 'bout 30 times
Ready N.Y. time, ownin' L.A. time
Time pickin' you, another dead body found
Another day another died, triple murder homicide
You can stay on the side now your family jeopardized
You ain't 'bout this gangsta shit, I can see it in your eyes
Matter fact I can't, talking with your head down
M-zone gangsta Rida Gang Lone Ranger
Hand in his pocket, keep his fingers on his banger
Don't sit behind me, see I don't trust strangers
For the green I turn also, don't make me angry
You got splint in your gender, pussy your persona
Screamin' at ya so hard, soundin' like Rihanna
You don't even add up, I know you don't the problems
I can hit a nigga wit a choppa from a chopper

[Hook: 50 Cent]

[Verse 3: Kidd Kidd]
I'm that bad kid nobody never wanted to play with
Tryna do somethin' evil and get away with it
Growin' up I wasn't always the family favorite
Now they don't say shit, cause I'm famous
I hit the block I wanna see ankles sprainin'
I'm aimed and cocked, I'm Bangkok dangerous
Don't run for cover, run for your gun
And if you ain't got one, run
Stick a fork in that nigga, he's done
You pussy, cause you don't get none like a nun
Like Lennox with the ox I murder for fun
Don't charge me with Murder-One, cause Ima murder some
Yeah yeah murderer murderer
Light 'em up light 'em up, burn 'em up burn 'er up
Niggas just talkin' shit, I ain't never heard of ya
Keep walkin' or be a wheelchair purchaser

[Hook: 50 Cent][Verse 1]
Big bankroll, that's what the bank told
Went, drew my cash and I was in there till the bank closed
Man they lame old, they still hitting them same hoes
I'm like ? same old same old
Can't believe I'm this fly like Criss Angel
Your bitch lay you in the air, at a thirty degree angle
You're talking Japanese, I speak cashenese
Talk cash to me cause you don't want no casualty, huh
Yeah all my dogs about their
You niggas pussy, all your dogs got cats
Your whole house filled with rats
Yeah you heard we got it for cheap like outlets

[Hook]
Big bankroll, we getting change ho
I wanna ball hard, put me in the game coach
And imma' win the game coach
You need me to win the game coach
Big bankroll, we getting change ho
I wanna ball hard, put me in the game coach
And imma' win the game coach
You need me to win the game coach

[Verse 2]
Baby mama's tripping, trying to take me check
Child support papers, she heard I got paper
The speculators, commentators out there hating
Like I can't blow, I hold my detonator
Couldn't get up on my level with an elevator
Better step up your game fast like escalators
I'm gonna pull this big thing fast, then levitate you
Hot v's in your veins, hope the respirators work
That's now or later, check it I'm the candy man
And I'm connected round' the board like it's Candyland
I be in that spot, where it's twenty a block
Your young ho up on my jock, don't cock block
Glock cocked, ? knock off the top
Yeah we cop drop tops, off the lot, don't mop
? the motto, we keep a big bankroll
Known as the fiends, need a fix ?

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
It ain't hard to see, I'm doing my thing
Look at Kidd, black ass all you see is his chain
We getting ? that's popping like a pimple, and she gonna give me dental
I made her show her dimple, this the Rider gang
We get the bottles man
Make it rain like we just won the lotto man
You got a good chance to be signed, you don't gotta slang
Like a mouth of change, nigga I'm bout this change, huh

[Hook][Intro: Kidd Kidd]
Remember when nigga used to pay bingo? Like yo man, bingo man, that's my call for real

[Verse 1: Kidd Kidd]
Killers don't have no conscience, blat, won't think about it
Trap up in them houses, rats, they Mickey Mouses
Gats up in their trousers
Ma came in and gave me a slap
Said she found all that crack under her couches
I can't sleep, Fred Kruger in my dreams
Call niggas a machines, all ya'll work for me
And I'd rather work a triple beam than at Burger King
Rob you for your bling bling, give me all your ching ching
Flip your pockets from your jeans, make sure I got everything
Before I leave, life's a bitch, and we just havin' a fling
Man this chrome is like a phone, better answer it when it rings
Let it ring 'til it click, empty clip
You can smell me and see I've been through some shit
With my clique
M-Zone, Rida Gang, now these hoes gon' ride the dick
It's because of street fame these bitches know what it is
They gone say I'm doing my thing when I pull up in that six
Lord knows

[Hook x2: Kidd Kidd + (50 Cent)]
All I ever wanted was a big body Benz
Big body Benz, big body Benz
All I ever wanted was a big body Benz, big body Benz
(And a clean set of rims)

[Verse 2: 50 Cent]
Pushin' coke and bought them Regals and them large DeVilles
Then they got them vapor bitches, I'm like this for real?
Me, I want that big Benz with the emblem in the grill
Start packin' the steel, lettin' niggas know the deal
I want that shit so bad, start thinkin' 'who I got to kill?'
That's how a nigga feel when we out there in the field
That Glock was pumpin', paper comin', how can niggas chill?
Barrel link manage gold teeth, put gold all in my grill
Shoot out shit, I rob your bitch, I use her as a shield
Shit look at the wheels, whooo, look at the wheels
Chrome two piece Lorenzos got me lookin' like a mil
Peace called, if you wanna talk then later we can build

[Hook x2: Kidd Kidd + (50 Cent)]
All I ever wanted was a big body Benz
Big body Benz, big body Benz
All I ever wanted was a big body Benz, big body Benz
(And a clean set of rims)

[Verse 3: Lloyd Banks]
Sittin' back in my new AMG, smokin' with 2 thou' 15
Golden wrist, few pounds of green
Park this shit, shoot down your teams
Now it seems, oh so clear through Beams
Flow so dope, I lean
Fuck you mean? Lucky that you breathe
Choke the leaf
Focus through my new designer lens
Tell her not her friends
Beaucoup dollars spent, new jewels line 'em in
Too cool time to win, I'm on top again
You gon' chop me off and 'scuse me out?
Bullshit you about, front, them Rugers out
Face the sword, no risk, no reward
Peace talk won't go nowhere, gets ignored
Price you can't afford, white man at your courts
Get you more, right here like before
Seen it all my life shit end like this
Come back filthy rich, still not guilty, bitch

[Hook x2: Kidd Kidd + (50 Cent)]
All I ever wanted was a big body Benz
Big body Benz, big body Benz
All I ever wanted was a big body Benz, big body Benz
(And a clean set of rims)

[Outro: Kidd Kidd]
Nigga nah mean? Dreams, street dreams, yah feel me? Free PJ, free my lil' homie Chucky, yah know I'm sayin'? Straight up and down, man. Free my nigga [?] just caught 10, yah feel that? Damn, shit real, man. We just was all real niggas man, just out here chasin' our dreams, man. Everybody wanna be fly, everybody wanna live flashy. You know I'm sayin'? It's all about feedin' the fam, man. Straight up and down, so we gon' do whatever it takes to get it[Intro: Tony Yayo]
Tougher than leather, nigga. I'm tougher than an African kid running bare-foot in the gullies, nigga. Know what I'm saying? Tough. OG now, nigga. Yeah. Yeah

[Verse 1: Tony Yayo]
To all living things around me
Cash rules everything around me
Your music is unenthusiastic
My jewelry glow in the dark
Škorpion from Serbia, catch you in traffic
20-round clip, curved magazine
And you could leave the Earth over small, little things
John Gotti hit the cake, go bada bing
And you ain't do shit when them things start to ring
South side, we outside, niggas kill, son
They'll Seattle Seahawk you, throwing bullets like Wilson

[Verse 2: Young Buck]
White sheets cover his feet, Ku Klux Klan'ed your man
Left him in the streets, strap in his left hand
The thought of even coming around here was a death plan
And if a nigga cosign that he a "yes man"
Shoot the fuck out of a fuck nigga, I'm all fucked up
So loser, I lose, the dice game getting stuck up
When shit real you get killed around here, it's not a big deal
Load her out, nigga, use my big bitch for a shield
(You know I'm saying?) Thank you for real

[Hook: 50 Cent]
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
When your mouth to be shooting
You find out that we been shooting all along
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
You get caught without that Ruger
We put hot shit through you then we gone
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Boy, don't let me catch you slipping, boy, boy
Boy, you know I get to tripping, boy, boy
Boy,  don't let me strap that clip in, boy, boy
Boy, you know I get to tripping, boy, boy

[Verse 3: Tony Yayo]
My money up when them mills come
LA Reid with the dope, son, Jimmy Iovine with the coke, son
Wise time fly by, I'm an OG, bad bitch with double D's
Nigga, Jordan couldn't palm these, feel the breeze
Wrap 'em in satin, they be gone by the morning
Federal subpoenas while SWATs kick the doors in
Fuck up the sheets, the electric tapes to your door though
I show that bitch how to breathe under water
Excusez moi, French bitches bending over
Snatch 'em out the whip, throw 'em in the Range Rover
Snitches and phones, catch the 30 piece from the jewelry
[?] why they texting 'bout [?] body
Frank Lucas put flowers on Bump graves every Tuesday
That's loyalty and don't listen to everything your lawyer say
Red dot, surgery with the laser
Have a nigga missing like that plane from Malaysia

[Verse 4: Kidd Kidd]
Fo' fo's, long nose is Gonzo's
Hundred rounds, drum on the K, that's bongos
Running your mouth with deadly convos, I clap like, "bravo"
Bend back for the encore, nigga, huh
You pussy niggas think you got nine lives
I'mma make sure I stick you more than nine times
With that ice pick I'm a cold killer
You tucking your tail and growing whiskers, rat nigga

[Hook](Verse 1: Kidd Kidd)
When I die hope my soul don't fry
Lord knows I done tried
On my grind, pyrex on that fire
Money on my mind, look in my eye
You can see I'm high, bitch, respect my mind
Step aside, you ain't 'bout that life
You just tryina rhyme, my bitch would die
And she keep an eye, hand her 9 to 5
I wanna fuck, she gonna give it up
She don't waste no time, doing fine
I'm dumping shots, one of a kind
You must be blind, can't see me shine
The world is mine

[Hook]
I'm a G, bury me a G
In a pair of sneaks, fresh tee
True religion jeans, may, I rest in peace
Bitch, I'm a G, bury me a G
Bitch, remember me, bitch, I'm a G
Bury me a G, bury me a G
Yeah, I'm a G, bury me a G
In a pair of sneaks, fresh tee
True religion jeans, may, I rest in peace
Man, I'm a G, bury me a G
Bitch, remember me, bitch, I'm a G
Bury me a G, bury me a G

(Verse 2: Kidd Kidd)
Flipping coke back when I was broke
All I had was hope
Selling dreams, I'm selling soap
Just until I scope
Got my dough, now I want some more
You know how I go, hit the floor
Move or get smoked, it ain't a joke
Boy, I need cheese like pizza, pizza
Gimme all your cash and Visas
Introduce my millimeter, please to meet you
It's wrong but life goes on
Another song, sing along
One to the dome, that nigga gone, leave me alone
I'm in my zone, m zone I'm repping, thats my home
I never step in without my chrome
Shit is real, I'm in that field
I might get killed, I'm overdue
Before I do, I need a mil'

[Hook]

(Verse 3: Kidd Kidd)
I ain't gotta tell you, bitch, I'ma show you
Nobody know you, we heavy metals, we rock and rollers
We pop them coasters in your section
Give up that yola ' we split the dough up, we young soldiers
15 and older, nobody told us
If they did, we wouldn't notice, we on that corner getting loaded
This pistol loaded, I heard your crib is fully loaded, we 'bout to go in
Mask on, kick the door in, which room the dough in?
We in them streets, beefing never cease
Rest in peace, man, I'd rather you instead of me
I can never be, play it like a sucker, never me
I'm a G, kept it G, you know where I'm from, 9th ward to the death of me

[Hook][Hook: 50 Cent]
I'm still a rider, I'm still rolling
A nigga still hold the steel, that's how I'm owning
You chase the hoes, I chase the paper
You chase the hoes, I chase the paper
You chase the hoes, I chase the paper
You're a sucker for love, nigga, I'm money making

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
I'm still a baller, I'm still balling
That's five times I ain't picked up, your bitch still calling
I'm super ghetto, I'm still with the shit
Still pass the steel to my nigga, hit a lick
We still mob, niggas steal stuff
We still deal after deal, shit is no problem
He still love her, she ain't shit
Get her a pair of Louboutins, she suck a dick
Still real niggas, still will kill
Told the still bitch don't squeal, get your cap peeled
The Mac filled, black talons, hollow tips
Copper-tops, get your ass popped, watch a body drop

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Kidd Kidd]
I'm clean as a motherfucker, still getting my hands dirty
Bitches they wanna fuck, grab a glass, you looking thirsty
See I'm a gangsta, you soft as R&B singers
I'm at a war with the banger, in the club with the shanker
Mask on, lone ranger, scope on the K, long ranger
Rather be alive and rich than die and be famous
Live my life in the fast lane, I crash into anything
I ain't here to entertain when I let them bullets sing
Rims on, Rida Gang, slap the fuck out of you, nigga
Trying to pull out your pistol when you know that you're lame
You chasing these bitches instead of chasing your paper
Niggas taking your bitches while they taking your paper
I'm gone

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Prodigy]
She on my leg like a little kid
She hump my leg like a horny pit
Pitbull in a skirt, yeah, I'm a magnet
Now I ain't running after no broads, she stuck on my dick
I'm a different breed, blame it on my genes
Money in my jeans, pockets turn her eyes green
She's seeing dollar signs, I'm seeing reasons why
Never had to stress no pussy, I'm one of a kind
Pretty nigga with a gorgeous gun
You die a beautiful death, pull a stunt, look
There ain't a bitch more dime than me
The thirst is real, she knocking over drinks to get next to me
While you

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Styles P]
Ghetto niggas still'll pick a penny up
You outside chasing them hoes throwing your Henny up
Little homie loading a semi up
Catch him all after the club, tell him to ante up
Anyway, each and every day, I'm looking for a better way
You owe me, you better pay
Ghost, let the beretta spray
Hood want uncut dope and some better yay
I ain't chasing pussy, never have
Hustle hard, take a break, run and get some head and ass
Still robbing, still rolling, still need a mask
Still popping, still slinging, still need the cash

[Hook][Hook: Young Buck]
All I see is dead people
Come through the hood, niggas starving
If you ain't tryna pay what I'm charging
All I see is dead people
I ain't doing no arguing
No deals, I ain't giving no bargains
My Glock 9 give you 16 ways to die - choose one
Give it to ya how you want it
My .45 give you 32 ways to die - choose one
It's shoot 'em up bang, bang, shit, we still on it, nigga

[Verse 1: Lloyd Banks]
Every day a star's rising
It ain't no love here, but your heart's tied in
Soul's slipping, sparks flying
Masterpieces is an art dying
Crime release, we break apart lying
Man down, the parts crying
Tears of joys heal a real McCoy
Bury your worries, don't wonder who rides for ya
Know yourself, relax and study
Bloody your uniform, no rest, keep moving on
Anybody who do you wrong, wrong turn, it's on

[Verse 2: Young Buck]
Somebody chain got took, somebody life got lost
Somebody water not working, somebody lights cut off
I watched my partner OD in '03 in front of me
Took the plea, went on a spree, damn near did the whole ki
Paranoid, nose dirty, 'bout to go for them thirty
You keep saying he's hurting, now all his homies is worried
Second-guessing this gangster, they don't know what he said
They don't know what he told, but now you know that he dead

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tony Yayo]
I'm in them trenches like I'm a marine sniper in his Gillie suit
HK, SK, turn niggas vegetable
Live past 22 like climbing Mount Everest with one shoe or flip-flop
Middle finger to the opp'
Bacon, egg and cheese at my clip from last night
Smoking, think about that drama from last night
Emotion in your mind, love and hate cause casualty
These old dogs wack in that cave mentality

[Verse 4: Kidd Kidd]
Dope boy salary, block ground athlete
Move so much weight I lost a couple calories
The palms sells the size of deep batteries
Get hit like Jay Rock when that fat nigga squeeze
My homie Kenny Booth doing life over 8 racks
He broke down in court when they played the tape back
I’m from Mazant, 6 shots, I ate that
Now I won't pay back, let my kids slay that

[Hook][Verse 1: Tony Yayo]
American Sniper with the rifle
Whippin' that yay, them girls like you
It's me, myself and I and the scrap in the car
Cause I love myself like Kendrick Lamar
In the hood at my own leisure
Cause once you get a name homies want a name to leave ya
Killers all up in my iPhone
Homies wanna test you when your gun go warm
The rap game soft, but I'm still raw
Your boss can't see me like the eject button on a PlayStation 4
44. bulldog, take your top off
Watch Power in HD, the [?] take off
The street life is a gamble, swipers gettin' kidnapped
Cause he livin' like LeBron, livin' in the [?]
Never D ride for protection
Never claim a set if you don't know your lessons
Thank God for my blessings, Versace stoffers
Gettin' head while the room spin
I see that codeine kickin' in
I ain't got no type, bad chick with a bitch friend


[Verse 2: Lloyd Banks]
The season started, I ball retarded playing hard
I owe you something, get it from me on my way to God
Probably should've been a pointgard the way he logged
I just took that straight-jacket off yo crazy bra
Able on that birthday, make the ladies sob
Riddler with the wordplay, I'm the greatest, dawg
Just got my Cali Twins back, guess I'm a lucky brother
Pickin' my two new ones up, they wanna *uh* each other
It's the new Banks, check out my remix
Hey, [?], flashin' money got 'em sea sick
Vision how I'm smoking, how many [?]
[?] seats, push that with my emcee [?]
Word is bond, I'm goin' goin' goin' gone
Music loud, weed loud, all I roll is strong
Perfect body on a highway of a told-me-wrong
Hop up on your good foot, get your Toby on

[Verse 3: Young Buck]
I'm wearin' up the [?] only counter top
Whippin' this pot around the clock
Every block around here hot
When I get rich I'mma stop
I got pounds all in my momma house
Cocaine in my cousin' crib
Some of my family don't mess with me
But it's cool, y'all, cause I don't mess with them
I got an AK bullet with yo name on it
Got a white T with a brother' brains on it
Blue chug, got a blood stain on it
A knife on the end, and it came on it
I'm on that Activis and I'm active [?]
Unwrappin' it, packin' it
So much money, I'm paranoid
Hopin' the FEDs don't snatch it
I know you wishin' I'd take another loss
They just wishin' they could catch a geek in sneak
And take a brother rubber off
I'm cross-country with the cartels
Move the work, I got mob ties
DEA hate brothers like me
But I'm God in y'allz eyes

[Verse 4: Tony Yayo]
Porcelain guns don’t show in X-rays
F radio play, I'm in the PJ’s
Model set you up cause they thirsty
I messed up a couple mill, nobody help me
On the phone, I need 50 pair of Con' Yeezy's
Connect said 20 more and you can get some freebies
Trust no-one, strapped on the highway
Friends turn pros loud to the popo good Friday
I said the devil all around me
No snitches in my circle, no federals around me
Yeah, if it's beef, then it's good night
Hit and run, it's a Suge Knight
Get your homie in the wind pipe
We pour the coke Amber Rose in the dope black China
Rollin' the Rolls with two girls and a flamer
Dope ball in the strainer, that's the life of an entertainer
Got a lot of enemies, feel like the whole damn industry
The Unit got a lot of enemies, it feel like the whole Damn industry

[Verse 5: Lloyd Banks]
Yo, you may get the work on, but I'm out here workin' harder
Number #1, I put that on my automatic starter
Man, stop tellin' her not to go outside, you're not her father
That fuckin' only makes 'em fly further, why bother?
Got the wolf down the slope and clap on the mole
I got a stable of pros, you don't chase and they call
Man, I'm chasin' the grit and makin' it flip
My haters are broke, all my neighbors are rich
Who you with? She caught up in my [?]cause my diamond's good
She don't get it goin', then she gotta go
It's only right, yo, I been dreaming this since 9 years old
Sharper than a leprechaun, pot of gold
Take a sniff, I got these pussies by the nose
You only lookin'', watch out, let me buy my clothes
We gettin' to the money, vamonos
Wreckin' ball, how I knock 'em down, dominoes
[?] you crazy, you got the people snoring
And I'm balling, fuck you, pay me
Get me everything up front, in case there ain't no comin' back
I'm back here stuntin' on these bottles, raise 'em by the stack
Shawty said I'm special, told her shut the fuck up
She don't care bout you, boy, she just wanna come up
Matter fact get on your knees, don't even come up for air
Don't get these on my pants, they like 800 a pair

[Verse 6: Tony Yayo]
It don't stop, Self
Ball and party like Johnny Manziel
Zinattys in my feet, trapped in hell
They got my homie in the jail, but that ain't really mean shit
Came home and he plotted on me quick
Yeah, I said your Jordans better [?]
Effen fade, I'm gettin' homies dirt naps

[Verse 7: Lloyd Banks]
Million styles out here, why the jacking mine for?
Getting to the money, I'mma hit my number mindful
She call me all the time, I never got the time
Know I hit her with my left, right, up, down flow
Out in Cabo, private jet to Oslo
[?] groupie favors at the Cosmo
All white Gallardo, name that bitch Pablo
Smoking on that famous, watch you haters with my eyes closed
Baby please, hit valet for my keys
Mask on [?] and your envy is the Z's
[?] Gucci like my sheets
Hold them [?] up now I'm all they wanna sleep with[Verse 1: August Alsina]
Word got around that a nigga got shot
Heard a nigga drew down' and he bucked so his ass got popped
We was on my block trying to move these rocks
Trying to stack this cash on the low, gotta duck these cops
We was right off 3rd and Pollock chillin' in the back of the track
Niggas got packs, trying to get them racks
X5 I was riding in the back
With the brother's' fried chicken and the gat in my lap
17 had no dreams, drinking 4 LOKO, Sprite and codeine
First class I was on lean, said fuck high-school, so I left Reed

[Bridge: August Alsina]
No one told me life would be this way
I swear nobody told me
Guess this is the game we chose to play
Crazy how it's always been the same

[Hook: August Alsina]
People dying every day
That ain't nothing new when you from downtown, downtown
Out here trying to make a way
I won't let these niggas take me downtown, down
(So I ride) riding on these niggas, I be riding, I be riding on 'em
Riding on these niggas, I be riding, I be riding on 'em
(So I ride) riding on these niggas, I be riding, I be riding on 'em
Riding on these niggas, I be riding, I be riding on 'em

[Verse 2: August Alsina]
Phone just ringing heard a nigga got got
He was over on the East last thing that he heard six shots
He ain't getting no love from the cops, nobody got caught
Real talk when I heard who it was, my heart near damn stop
Somebody done killed my brother
Now I gotta get back, let 'em know cause a nigga gotta feel that
Sitting shotgun with the shot gun
When you hear the shots come, nigga don't run
Already bad, it can only get worse
Hand full of steel cause the shit still hurts
Cut so deep when they put him in the hearse
Never saw 25, had to put 'em in the dirt

[Bridge: August Alsina]
No one told me life would be this way
I swear nobody told me
Guess this is the game we chose to play
Crazy how it's always been the same

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kidd Kidd]
Once upon a time downtown in the 9 (9th ward)
Where they don't mind dyin'
Sworn to a life of crime, was a youngin' only stood 5'5
Big money on his mind
Clothes ain't wrinkled while his hands on his iron
Shot six times right in front of my mom (dear lord)
Had a .32, man, I'm lucky to survive
On that Pac "Juice" real niggas don't die
Bitch, I'm from A-town (huh), slang crack on the same sac
Blood stains there from a homie with his head cracked (blaow)
Home Gs like A-Wax
They been doing this shit way back since A-Track (free PJ)
And we yell "Rida Gang Act"
You can get fame there from the way you go and bang that
Truth from the head watch how you aim that
Price on your head and we gonna take that
It's about to go down
You ain't about this then you better go now
Sun going down, keep the 'dow down
Everybody lay down, ski mask down (huh)
All you gonna see is my eyes and my frown
Last thing you hear is my gun going pow
It happens every day round my way
This ain't nothing new you grew up downtown - huh!

[Hook][Intro: Kidd Kidd]
Tell all my haters this is payback
And I ain't talkin' givin' change back
I left the streets and then I came back
Hundred percent, you couldn't change that

[Hook: Kidd Kidd]
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected

[Verse 1: Kidd Kidd]
I say all of my niggas trigger happy
We poppin' bottles like we shootin' at you
Since '95 I had a smokin' habit
That soft white, we call it Roger Rabbit
I know that work be lookin' good in traffic
You run up on me, I'ma let you have it
Ain't got no girlfriend, they too dramatic
And broke niggas causin' too much static

[Hook: Kidd Kidd]
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I'm stressin' out cause all my bitches love me, but it's lovely
Get that cheese, don't trust Chuck E., bitch don't touch nothin'
Come on pussy nigga, try your luck, better be lucky
Shut up, let the money talk, don't interrupt me
Eat that pussy like the last supper, we pour it up
My fruit punch got on brass knuckles, you heard me?
And if I make it through the night I pray I wake up
To a bad bitch with no makeup
And I'm geekin' like an A plus

[Hook: Kidd Kidd]
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected

[Verse 3: Kidd Kidd]
Won't a real nigga come on, [?]
Tell them bitches that I say that
They tried to say that I was worthless
And that my life, it had no purpose
They want indict me with the RICO
They say they caught me talkin' kilos
Me and my people off the east coast'll
Beat the game like a cheat code
Money never on vacation, my corner never vacant
Got what it takes to make it, I don't make it I'ma take it
I was local, I was nation, I went global, they start hatin'
I come from the end of somethin' so I spend more than I'm makin'

[Hook: Kidd Kidd and Lil Wayne]
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected
I got some bad bitches in my section
A dozen bottles comin' my direction
Smoke presidential like I got elected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected

[Outro: Kidd Kidd]
I got some bad bitches in my section
They say I ball so hard I got ejected
Young nigga ball so hard I got ejected[Intro: 50 Cent]
N-Y, N-Y, 'til I D-ie
N-Y, N-Y, 'till I D-ie
N-Y N-Y

[Hook: 50 Cent]
I'm on it
Everytime I come around, me I keep my gun around
It's never on safety
I'm on it
Niggas know when I'm around, fuck around it's goin' down
No if's or maybe's
Ring around the rosies, pockets full of OZ's
Niggas gettin' cake made
Fuck with the homies while I got it on me
You'll get your big break, man

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
You niggas ain't seen shit yet, one false move and I click clack
That oo-wop bitch I spit that, that hard white I flip that
That bad bitch get my dick wet, damn how hot can my shit get?
Boy, get outta line get your ass checked, got 10 mil' my last check
Bitches stay where that cash at, diamonds on me I flash that
That 'Rari pedal I mash that, you pussy niggas I laugh at
That fuck shit that you fuck niggas be doin', man, I'm passed that
Hood nigga down there on Wall Street, my stock run across NASDAQ
Girl face on my time piece, ridin' around with my crimeys
These broke niggas so grimy, I let 'em hold the steel, I tell 'em shoot to kill
I put south side on my back, I ain't talkin' 'bout no tat'
When I'm outta town I hold it down, I mean everywhere I'm at

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Kidd Kidd]
All my niggas crazy stupid, cuckoo, got a loose screw
I might pew pew with that two-two then small bullets will mob through you
My bitch come from Honolulu with that dope ball in her doo doo
Put it on a train and choo choo and the feds don't have a blues clues
Thumbing over, don't know voodoo but I sure know how to shoot you
If I get caught I don't boo-hoo, I pick up the phone call BooBoo
He gonna bail me out in seconds, please don't let this rap shit fool you
I send shooters to your home, see I don't need no songs to move you
My gorilla goin' ooh-ooh, boy your family could lose you
Put you in a box like new shoes, you's a bitch pull down your tu-tu
When it come to gettin' money all I know is we need bookoo's
Speakin' only in my Ryda Gang, know what we gonna do to you

[Hook][Intro]
I come from nothing
The bottom nigga
Yeah

[Verse 1]
Watch your Kidd fuck up the game
Everybody won't sound the same
Seen him go quicker, Dany Kane
Real nigga, Fuk Da Fame
I can't change, my zip code gonna stay the same
I got hit from right ? and I ain't ashamed
Rida Gang, on everything we gonna eat
Hold up smell some stink, can't let your boo she get the meat
So used to not having shit, told myself I wouldn't have any
Marshawn Lynch I got the ball, not dare nigga try to tackle me
All my hitters on side of me, I don't like niggas in the back of me
Throwing dirt on my name, I swear them haters want to bury me
I wore holes in my clothes, ? knows with no hoes
My momma still on ?, he was broke I had to work the stove

[Hook 1]
I come from nothin'
Come from nothin'
From nothin', I came up from hustlin'
(From nothin', nothin'
From nothin', I came up or hustlin') x2
From nothin', nothin'
Nothin', I came up from hustlin'

[Verse 2]
Say fuck, rather hit the block
Got the same watch that 50 got
Board is yall ho 50 shots
From all the holes you got you look poker die
Catch me at the dope spot, fuck the world like 2Pac
My six-shot got 2 shots, had to leave forward up in due time
Niggas talking like 2 cops, handcuffing like 2 cops
She on the knees like 2 sacks, cut her short like crew socks
Kidd Kidd you're too high, worldwide touring you get money now
So you're acting funny now ? They begging everytime I come around
My ex want to fuck me now, but I get to her to run around
Told all of her goons what goes around comes around
And I was rich when she spied around
Talking 'bout you wanna live something, well suck a nigga dick or some
Hold a nigga brick or some, bring another bitch or some
Got signed and I'm still thuggin', got shot and I'm still buckin'
God got a fear from me, nobody want to hear from me
My nigga tried to steal from me, now he can't get shit from me
Seen him now and he's still bumin', and we both came up with nothin'

[Hook 2]
(From nothin', nothin'
Nothin', I came up or hustlin'
Nothin', from nothin'
From nothin', I came up from hustlin'
Nothin', nothin'
Nothin', I came up from hustlin'
Nothin', nothin'
From nothin', I came up from hustlin') x2[Hook - Lil Wayne]
I love all my bitches, that's my fuckin' problem
A 2 dollar bill is still a couple dollars
And if any one of them niggas got a fuckin' problem
I'mma milk all of 'em cause they fuckin' cowards
I love red bitches, there's just something 'bout 'em
But I'm gettin' better pussy from a brown one
Been schoolin' y'all niggas, I'm your alma mater
I'm the shit, where the fly swatter

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
I know you dykin' who you eatin' on
Make me think about all them nights we got a threesome on
Make me think about how you suck it like your teeth are gone
If your friends hatin' on you, fuck 'em to each his own, yessir
I do my drugs then I sleep 'em off
Like it just be callin' me, I need to turn my ringer off
Ain't a fuckin' singalong unless you brought the weed along
That kush, okay I got it, that kush
Cop pounds and put my people on
We can take the stairs up to the stars that's where we belong
Fuck that shit you talk, I beat that pussy like production
Or like Rocky, beat the Russian
Or like Jordan, beat the buzzer
Nigga, gimme what you've got, take that money like an usher
One man band, all you hear is repercussion
Told a bitch, too much selfish gonna lead to self destruction
She looked me in my eyes and said
Man, I ain't worried 'bout nothin'
I said shorty, you a beast

[Hook - Lil Wayne]
I love bad bitches, okay, what's the problem
If she thinks she gonna come up then I'mma fuckin' drown her
I'm wilder than public schools and public housing
Can't afford failure, I'm just browsing
I was 15 with $100,000
And if you talk trash I'mma fuckin' possum
And nigga, if your bitch got eye problem
You know what it is, armed robbery
Tunechi

[Verse 2 - Euro]
I heard 'em tell me "Go get 'em, young"
I haven't seen a movie since I started livin' one
I be in a room full of bitches gettin' drunk
Smokin' like a point guard, no look, passin' blunts
Fuck you talkin' 'bout? Euro, this and that
Wanna walk in these shoes? Have the outfit to match
And niggas schemin' on what I had, but
We gon' put money in the bag or a body in the bag (You choose)
And all these new bitches old news
Throwin' stacks at 'em like "That's prolly gon' bruise"
And every dream girl that I fucked came true
Now every night feels like deja vu
And the hatin's no use, she ain't waitin' on you
I tell a baby, "Tell ya man kick rocks with no shoes"
And I murder that pussy, and I ain't leave a clue
Cause I put her on her knees and made her swallow all the proof
That sick shit, I'm ill, yeah, I'm a fuckin' problem
I'm fine wit' it, though, bitches like fuckin' problems
And I can't solve shit if I'm the fuckin' problem
Just know I got 'em, let me know if there's a fuckin' problem
Out the city, but you can't take the city out 'em
I know these hoes well, see the water spittin' out 'em?
Long story short, money always colorblind
She blew the team for some Red Bottoms
(Euro)

[Verse 3 - Kidd Kidd]
I love bad bitches, that's my fuckin problem
Had a few ugly bitches but I had to hide em
Can't live with em, Can't live without em
Can't trust them hoes poking holes up in condoms
Put a S on her breast, she a supermodel
If you swallow these kids, does that make you childish
Now she say I got a fuckin problem
Because I fucked her once and gave a fuck about her
Her hair blown out like the 80s
I drive these bitches crazy, mental asylum should pay me
I ain't looking for a lady, call Will Smith to get you hitched
I ain't looking for a wife, I need a one night trick
That can ride it like that, suck it like this
Hit it from the back in the back of the whip
I'm a mac, I'm a pimp girl
You don't need make up, put this mac on your lips
She drive a X5, beefin' with her ex man
Baby Ima dog and a DMX fan
Told myself I wouldn't mess with my ex again
Popped a lil x then i tried explain
I keep it too real to ever be a lame
Too many girls in this world, you all be lame
She all on my dick cause I got street fame
Told that thirsty ass bitch don't speak my name
Kidd Kidd, a nut from the 9
Tell em don't worry bout me I'm just fine
Girl if you comin' with me then let's ride
I know you want money so don't waste my time
Uh, wear that ass out fuck her till we pass out
Fuck a hotel, we goin' to my mans house
Scratch that your baby mama was an Amtrak
We treat that pussy like some good weed and pass that
Yeah, to my niggas, she fuck my niggas
Bought some bitches, and she was wit' it
With you she wasn't, but she did it
She let you lick it, but never stick it
You be trippin, you say you fallin
Nigga you slippin, stupid ass nigga tryna' fall in love
If i fall it's gon be from too many drugs
You asking questions, bout what she was
With the rider game, she told you in the club[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
I’m insane, yeah, shit changed
I’m the head of that bank, bank in a weird gang
Make it rain, trick, make it rain
I hold onto mine and bomb of cocaine
Off the chain, nigga I ain’t playin'
I get him with the semi, nigga stunt I let it ring
He rap, I rap, but we ain’t the same
He love a dame, I run a train
Canary yellow rocks in my ring
Everything private, my hoes and my planes
Hurry up now bartender, more champagne
I shine like chrome ‘man’ terra’s on the range
I stunt when I want, I ain't never gonna change
I go load the wood in my cardian frames
This what happen when a bebe kid
Blow up, I'm on out this bitch

[Hook]
I ball out bottles after bottles 'till I fall out
I stunt, I do it my way
I'm on now, get my money long now
Looky here, nigga, you ain't got it like me
If you don't like me
(Get busy, get busy)
Do something
If you don't like me
(Get busy, get busy)
Do something
(Get busy, get busy)

[Verse 2: Kidd Kidd]
Tell me why you don't like me, my chain too icy
The diamonds on my Breitling striking like lightning
Throwing cake on your wifey, she licking the icing
And uht's not even my birthday
She telling me she love me, I don't wanna be her pimp
Plus your ass ain't 'sposed to be here in the first place
Nah, dance the Ali Key, let me hold some
Look Nigga, cause I know you I don't owe ya nothin'
With your broke ass, cold ass
Type of nigga gonna get wild with no mask
Rider gang thing play the bitch and watch us ball
It's my night, boy, better love 'till mor'
I'm a boss plus walking big balling
Shit talking, Benz parking, rims glosing, clique closer
Tell the waitress drain the bottles with the towels sparkling
They say money talk, nigga my shit hawking

[Hook][Intro: Lil Wayne & Raw Dizzy]
Ri righ right over here, y'know when the verse come in
SQAD wit me man, SQAD
Its ya boy weezy baby, Fee Fee, Dizzy, Nut, Weezy
A huh whatchu' say, my bad Weezy Baby!
Get it right y'know, yuh i like it fa that boy, you ready to do it though
Holla at cha'

[Verse 1: Raw Dizzy]
Look look jus halla at me if ya need a verse
Shit i was taught ta aim hold squeeze an burst
An the game grows even worse shit y'know dizzy
Tha same old devan clutch, na roll wit me
Mah game so street it hurts im mo ignant
Ya daddy wants me ta twurp her soul system
Bang tha ho street an serve any old victim
Mah name in tha streets i kill any old witness
Bought tha chain, mah gold teef ta 8 million records
An change mah neck piece ta a shinny slave object
I pull up in a big body red object
Wit a big weapon an a clip that got alotta head objects
Leave alotta dead bodies
I stands by it, lay ya whole fuckn team down like that cop it
Make ya ho suck me clean, till i say stop it
Im dizzy dot raw-diculous tadays topic

[Interlude: Lil Wayne]
SQAD wit me man, yea, its ya boy Weezy baby, Wayne head Louie baby
I see y'all, Raj Smoove, Nut holla at them niggas

[Verse 2: Peanut Flame]
Guess whos bizazck of tha 'zant
Tha farmas is runna on tha corna i was born a hustla
An tha, chrome infront a, dome a bustas
Make niggas freeze like they bones done rust up
Play wit me an gon git gutta mah mown
An bought up a ho, i was known ta cut up before tha flo
Man shit, this back ta tha block fa me
Back ta tha block fa cheese
I never turn mah back ta tha block an leave
Im too cheap ta git ass if its not fa free
Stay cheifa dont pass if its not no weed
Too gutta dont rep Mazant, if ya not from tha street
We pack gats if its not for beef, its young mula
Young dude i tote a chrome ruger an he gon shoot ya
Look dawg dont u just discuss wat u gon do up
Its young money we got grown paper go an git cha loot up

[ Interlude: Lil Wayne]
SQAD wit me man, yea, its ya boy
I ain't gon say mah name this time  (Weezy baby!) y'all already know right
Yea yall already know it, tha whole crowd sayn
"You know it wouldn't be right"

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Mami like ill how high is he
Real high mami high as can be
But lil papi still got scrill like bill Cosby
I am a legend a hero, y'all just my sons like Theo
You know tha kids say tha darnest thangs
But if ya shit flop back to sellin jello
The dope that come yellow
I am the youth of the ghetto
Knockin down the door say hello to my lil' friend
An that's just how I hit ya ho when you come at me
Like "can you you say hello to my lil friend"
I say hello to her she say goodbye to him
I mean we say goodbye to him, we wave bye from a pile a em
I pop mah, you cannot stop mah game
Tha smallest bo' in tha lane but you can't block a thang
Its tha boy young cock an wayne
Fee got me on them push ups, I feel like Rocky, man
Ah hell im way too charge, way too juiced man
The spoons on my k' done come loose
I'ma mothafuckin ani-mal, I ran a mile
Just to let y'all  niggas know now
That now I'm runnin this bitch
I come in this bitch wit one on my hip
A lump on my lip, a slump with my limp
Pump in my trench, a blunt in my crip
Pumpin my shit, huggin my bitch, my drugs in my kicks
Thats Weezy biatch! Baby
Hot blazin some say im amazin'
You should stop hatin' and start recuperating
Go get a coupe and race it, the dude be waiting
With some shit look I bought from the movie Matrix
I'm smooth and basic
I move like I'm cruisin' on my shoes I'm so cool I'm groovy baby
Weezy Baby, Weezy baby, Weezy Baby haha

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Fuck y'all man this ya boy Weezy Baby
SQAD Up in ya back, SQAD the thang out man
SQAD the thang out[Verse 1: Kidd Kidd]
American Trapstar, N.O. land law
But I won't be reppin' out there in my repertoire
Do it for the 9 who thought that we could get this far
And I could give a fuck, shit a heck who you are
But I am...
The new Soulja Slim, the new Pac, the new Biggie
The new 50, I got more shooters with me
The old Hov, Illmatic Nas, Life Is Good Nas
DMX when that was hot, Badboy I'll never stop
C-Murda in that cell block, Mac when he was shellshock
Nigga I am the All On U BG, Weezy Wee
Sqad Up, Dedication, Carter 1, 2, and 3
I'm Juvenile and Solja Rags 400 Degreez
Mr.Cool when he was Big Boy, the whole New Orleans
I'm Big Pun, I'm Big L, I'm that mama said Knock You Out LL
I'm Boosie writin' raps from a jail cell
I'm T.I., but I ain't got all these guns for sale
I'm Yo Gotti with that coke on the scale
I'm Young Jeezy and Gucci Mane in the same cell
I am... The Soul Tape Fab, Kanye when he mad
Styles P and Jadakiss in the Lab
I am the Geto Boys, NWA I don't give a fuck
I am the whole G-Unit with Game and Buck
The Paid In Full Rakim, Big Daddy Cane
Straight from the streets like Meek Mill with the braids
I am the truth and the reason I'm Beanie Sigel
I'm Kidd Kidd not the kid up in the [?]

[Outro]
American Trapstar nigga
Fuk Da Fame
Rida Gang nigga
Reallionaire nigga what's good with itWhen I die hope my soul don't fry
Lord knows I done tried
On my grind, pyrex on that fire
Money on my mind, look in my eye
You can see I'm high, bitch, respect my mind
Step aside, you ain't 'bout that life
You just tryna rhyme, my bitch would die
And she keep an eye, hand her 9 to 5
I wanna fuck, she gonna give it up
She don't waste no time, doing fine
I'm dumping shots, one of a kind
You must be blind, can't see me shine
The world is mine

[Hook:]

I'm a G, bury me a G
In a pair of sneaks, fresh tee
True religion jeans, man, I rest in peace
Bitch, I'm a G, bury me a G
Bitch, remember me, bitch, I'm a G
Bury me a G, bury me a G
Yeah, I'm a G, bury me a G
In a pair of sneaks, fresh tee
True religion jeans, man, I rest in peace
Man, I'm a G, bury me a G
Bitch, remember me, bitch, I'm a G
Bury me a G, bury me a G

Flipping coke back when I was broke
All I had was hope
Selling dreams, I'm selling soap
Just until I scope
Got my dough, now I want some more
You know how I go, hit the floor
Move or get smoked, it ain't a joke
Boy, I need cheese like pizza, pizza
Gimme all your cash and Visas
Introduce my millimeter, please to meet you
It's wrong but life goes on
Another song, sing along
One to the dome, that nigga gone, leave me alone
I'm in my zone, them zone I'm repping, it's my own
I'm never stepping without my chrome
Shit is real, I'm in that field
I might get killed, I'm overdue
Before I do, I need a mil'

[Hook:]

I ain't gotta tell you, bitch, I'mma show you
Nobody know you, heavy metal, we rock and rollers
We pop them coasters in your section
Go fuck that ' we split the dough up, we young soldiers
15 and older, nobody told us
If they did, we wouldn't notice, we on that corner getting loaded
This pistol loaded, I heard your crib is fully loaded, we 'bout to go in
Mask on, kick the door in, which room the dough in?
We in them streets, beefing never cease
Rest in peace, man, I'd rather you instead of me
I can never be, play it like a sucker, never me
I'm a G, kept it G, you know where I'm from, 9th ward to the death of me

[Hook][Produced by Medi and G Rocka]

[Hook: 50 Cent]
Nigga, you pussy, you scared
I can hear your heartbeat
Why the fuck would you come around here?
I can hear your heartbeat
Yeah, you know a dog sense fear
I can hear your heartbeat
You bark while we bite around here
I can hear your heartbeat

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
We ain't cut from the same cloth, we into different shit
I want the bread, you want the bitch
Come out your mouth slick I'll get you hit
My niggas hungry, they hit a lick
Fuck who you're with, niggas'll dump a clip
We by the school yard waiting for you to get your kid
I caught a A1 felony on my last bid
Kept calm, made bond, I'm on that shit
You think my rap shit a gimmick, I ain't seen parole in a minute
Truth be told these niggas is hoes
Once the shit set off, man, anything goes
Through the windows of your soul, the eyes never lie
If you ain't scared to die, nigga, why would you cry?

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jadakiss]
30 something and you ain't never open your mouth yet
Social media is giving cowards an outlet
See him in person, say something, I doubt that
Rather get caught with it than get caught without that
Trying to back peddle and stumble on the curve
You stayin' at the ground, you mumblin' your words
Literally I can see your heart pumpin' through your shirt
Pussy your whole life, you always been a bird
Scared for so long it's all up in your nerves
Screw 9-1-1, you probably call up the reserves
And I'm killin' you first, if we ever do a purge
And you know what it is, kid, whenever we emerge
And I'm tragical, traumatical, no match, incompatible
Nigga, you vaginal

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kidd Kidd]
Money for bail, money to bail
Dead or in jail, Heaven or Hell
FEDs on my coat tail, snitches given court tales
Kept fate when all hope fail
Niggas rattin', all they missin' is the tail like Mickey Mouse
Call me Mickey Mantle when I bat you in the mouth
I bring them hammers out, we ain't trying to build a house
Niggas on them songs rappin' shit they ain't about
I'm from the N-O, we don't scrap, we bang it out
Bang, I'm the one that came in your house for the chickens
Left a nigga brains hangin' out like we chillin'
Stankin' like shipments, over my shillings
Hump your security, Rida gang in the building

[Hook]