[Intro - Bizarre]
Reel Wolf, underground shit
I guess I'm up first, right?
I'mma rap first?
Alright, let me hit this blunt right quick

[Verse 1 - Bizarre]
I'm the sickest motherfucker on this earth
That'll fuck a transvestite, dog, or blue Smurf
Bizarre smack a bitch quick
Then give her ass and lick while she take a shit
Fuck your period, fuck your rag
Take it in your ass, just like a fag
All my fans is crazy, they love it
That's why I say fuck it, and smack you in public
I'm rugged!

[Verse 2 - Reef the Lost Cauze]
Yeah, you know me well
The Gods said that they owe me hell
I'm The Outlaw Josey Wales
I make a nigga feel spiritual like holy tales
From the bible, roll Exodus and then inhale
No one knows you, so if I kill you who’d I tell?
Half-hipster, whiney nigga that’s a fuckin' fail
Life without purpose, that’s a fucking jail
Lost Cauze, when I spit it’s fucking hell

[Verse 3 - Ill Bill]
Master a dance of lesbians
Satanic majesty's equestrian
On a black steed stampeding pedestrians
'Do what thou willt' shall be the whole of the law
I get my dick sucked by a nun with the soul of a whore
Superstitious like a gypsy casting a death-spell
Exhale chem-trails
Strangle you with your own entrails
14th day of July innocence was averted
Ill Bill, born on the same day Billy The Kid was murdered

[Verse 4 - Slaine]
It's kill or be killed
So watch out for the villain - he's ill
I'm slinging rap, swinging bats like I'm in little league still
Sniffing cocaine off a coin with Kennedy's grill
Cough from a joint while I'm crushing my enemies will
I'm a homicidal Hercules, doggie, I'm an urban myth
I swerve the whip, get my dick sucked while on my work release
I give these rappers bad advice and a nervous twitch
Penetrate and innovate, a renegade, I murder shit

[Hook]
I'm a real wolf
With the Underworld flick

[Verse 5 - Celph Titled]
I ain't racist just cause I split your head to the white meat
The missing link Yeti-Sasquatch, yeah I might be
This shit's real - distribute guns in the kids meal
Open the box, hold the Glock, bust a shot through the windshield
The manifestation of evil stay alive and breathing
I'm Satan's fitness trainer, exercising demons
Respect the shooter, I'll find the bastard
Hell, my loaded pistol is a fire hazard

[Verse 6 - King Gordy]
My dick stays hard in graveyards, you pray hard
As I make love to Adolf Hitler’s carcass
Call me a nigger as I lick his heartless chest
I guess these skinhead Nazis wanna get retarded
Why? Cuz I’m fucking your leader all in his ass
Speak to him in Hebrew, fuck the Führer until he's back, dead again
Tell the Aryans I’m burying my head right in his belly
And it’s scary cause I'm licking his mustache

[Verse 7 - Sid]
Son of a killer, Mr. fucking grimey
SAS 22nd regiment limey
Born in a bar with my eyes wide open
Inspired by debacles since I came out the fallopian
We don't fuck around, got permits to carry
Everybody walks around like Dirty fucking Harry
Don't play my town, cause we will fucking bury you
Carry you to a farm cut off your arms, chewed up by animals

[Verse 8 - PMD]
On your mark, get set, ready to go
Green light, checkered flag, time to get that dough
And ayo, in the underworld I'm half-wolf and half-lycan
Swing the Excalibur, barbaric viking

[Verse 9 - Sean Strange]
Vicodin, marijuana, cocaine, the Grateful Dead
Average rapper kidnapping
Be sure to make your bed
When they battle me fatality take your head
And write a rhyme with your blood
The page's painted red

[Hook]

[Verse 10 - Apathy]
I'm the king of Castle Greyskull
My grey matter's powerful as Grey Hulk
I’m Zartan, I’m Tarzan before he went to Greystroke
My brain's broke, slang dope
And when I speak, my slang's dope
You're soft as fuck - your whole album is a gay joke
Rap's lethal, spit a sixteen at you
We'll paint the ceiling with your brains
Like the Sistine Chapel
I'm the cardinal of carnage, the poisonous priest
Don't bother praying to your God
There's no avoiding this beast

[Verse 11 - Swifty McVay]
You ain't about that life
You a bastard that won't attack
I'm the type to grab a knife
And I'm stabbing you with it backwards
I'm backslapping wack ass non-rappers
Snatch the breath out of you faster than asthma without a gas mask
I lace hash, a heinous figure
Slash-murderer, I'm burning these legacy killers
Putting mo' metal in niggas than robotic mechanisms
Kill his woman and brag about it in prison

[Verse 12 - Vinnie Paz]
Rambo-knife, show you what bloody is
You call it a dead cop, I call it a bloody pig
You think your hands nice money? You's a funny kid
You next to get molly-whopped like your buddy did
The Ruger Blackhawk, stick it in the dunny rib
Throw him in the fucking bathroom like Sunny did
The biggest show in your career; like a hundred kids
The AR-15 blew off like a hundred wigs

[Verse 13 - Tech N9ne]
Grim reaper to Ariel Castro, Adam Lanza, James Holmes
Flame on, no it ain't wrong when I'mma have them plans for cancer
Then land ya in a hands up tense panthers
Damned with antlers to ram ya man pampers
Scrams the answer, No evil understands ya
Grandeur and like you were three times the word lambda
I’ll be the damper on a clan’s fam camper
Necromancer drinking vodka and Fanta with Santa

[Hook][Hook: King Gordy and Bizarre (Bizarre speaking)]
I fucking hate you Justin (Hate you)
I want to rape you Justin (In your ass)
Your albums are disgusting
Justin Bieber we're going to kill you
I wanna hurt you Justin (In your mouth)
Put you in a little hearse young Justin (I'll kill you)
And fuck your fans in the ass till I'm cumming
Justin Bieber we're going to kill you

[Verse 1: Bizarre]
5 in the morning, just popped a pill
London, Ontario, somebody 'bout to get killed
White boy lover, they say he's down with Usher
Duct tape a blade, I think it's time for supper
Nothin' to wear, jumped on Canada air
An hour and a half, I'll be there
And do you think I can get a little boy pregnant?
([King Gordy] I'm 'bout to bust!) Hmm... We'll find out in a second (Hahaha!)
Disrespected, treated like a slave
I'm your school teacher, and you done misbehaved
Say goodbye to Ms. Bieber, cause you about to leave her
In back of your head, hit with a meat cleaver
Fuck you in the ass, then spit in your face
Cause I wanna see how Justin flesh tastes
Sodomize you, that's what I'm gonna do
Kill my 8 year old daughter, for listening to you
Fuck you!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: King Gordy]
Now I never had a crash at a light with pedestrian
Never had sex with a man that looks quite like a lesbian
But, uh, then again, you are just a little boy, cinnamon
Flavored lip gloss he's so timid and he's giggling
Just like a little baby do, but I'mma give his ass dick for baby food
Got him wearing boy shorts and lady shoes
(Eh, Gordy you fucking Justin, baby, isn't that gay?)
Quit fronting, Justin's a woman and I don't see if that way
Justin don't got a dick, Justin's got a clit and likes to swallow piss
Justin's a white trailer park bitch that got a lot of kids
Stop calling this stupid bitch Justin, her name is Justine!
That slut sings to ages under 13 who love cream
Shot in their fucking mouths and lick their fucking butt clean
And pull a machete out and cut them 'til their guts leak
Trying to put my long ass peter in Bieber's beaver
The eat his little coochie 'til he squirts all over my sneakers

[Hook][Intro: Tech N9ne]
"They say the lust is of the devil
And around the night time i get very horny
Thats why they call it horny, cuz the devil's 'supposedly' supposed to have horns
But, who knows if any of that bullshit exists."

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
I'm a nice guy.. My life's a light sky..
So much love I might cry.. Daah! Nice try!
I'm an evil seed, in the day I sleep and the night fly
G.A.Z.E. in my E.Y.E.Z. and you might die
I'm a horn dog, got a lot of that porn y'all
Warned y'all, I was straight born raw like Orenthal
But I'm way worse because he was cornball
I remember keeping him in my dungeon with a leather suit and a
Orange ball in his mouth, I had some foreign broads in his house
How did they get twisted and torn claws when in 'bout?
Nine inches then I stuffed they dorn draws in his couch
For now I let 'em suffer, in the morn all then it's ouch
I have a devil's haircut in my mind
That's why I be sucking blood and bustin' nuts in my rhymes, I'm horny
So don't ignore me if you're semi-fine
Me and Gordy, Prozak love orgies and we in our prime and we

[Hook: Tech N9ne] (x2)
Can't hide the (Horns!) And I won't hide the (Horns!)
I live with the (Horns!) So I'll die with the (Horns!)
If you fuck with the (Horns!) Then you'll get the (Horns!)
So if you want the (Horns!) Then I'll give you the (Horns!)

[Verse 2: Prozak]
Schizophrenic thoughts spin around my mind sorta like rotisserie
Spittin' this wicked ministry to the beat of this Rebeck symphony
With a sin for me, separated by 6 degrees of greed for centuries
And hatred engulfs my sensories like hallow screams from penitentiaries
This perpetual cycle of depression intention remains bottomless
Even my psychologist said suicide may be the only option out of this
And while the name Prozak and insane seem to sustain synonymous
One half of me wants to engage in the fame while the other half subsides monogamously
A vigilante who sends deadly packages through the mail
Confusing law enforcement agencies cause I write death threats in brail
With somewhat of a God complex sending the Arabs to the depths of hell
I warned you you, were forewarned, now witness like horns unveiled
I'm taking you on a hell ride so grab those safety belts and fasten 'em
Through the screams of tortured souls and eternal flames crackling
Refusing to reap what you sow and wanna stop this all from happening?
This madness will continue until all of Strange' goes platinum

[Hook] (x2)

[Verse 3: King Gordy]
I'm in the desert sands of Bethlehem
Trying to get Jesus to mate Mary in the manger and molest a lamb!
Don't jerk yourself off Jesus, use someone else's hands
So where's those damn disciples he'd like to have some sex again!
I guess Young Peter's receiving cause Jesus felt his ass
Christ is an effin' fag, he likes to dress in drag
But hey, I guess his dad is just as mad
God woulda never had a sissy for a son bet he's regrettin' that!
But yet we still ain't accept the fact
That he's fuckin' his mother and at the Last Supper he confesses that
He's an undercover male-lover and oh yeah Heaven's wack!
He don't want the Light, now I got Christ wearin' black!
See, I'm the Devil on his shoulder, yeah I'm that scary fat
Demon that'll turn all you hethens into scaredy cats
King Gordy, the Anti-Christ, God Killer
I am before and after Christ, I'm called a sinner
Motherfucker!

[Hook] (x2)[Verse 1: King Gordy]
Hey Yo
Me and my soccer mom is locked in an octagon
With boxers on and knuckle guards around our palms
Who's the first to drop a bomb?
Get her in an arm bar and make her tap out, she slips out, gets into full guard
Don't worry my mom's strong, but pops soft so he coaches her
Grow some balls and come n get your block knocked off
NO
But she says she wants to do it so let's do it
Beating her til she's bloody the canvas covered in fluid
Hearing her scream is therapeutic
See it's like sweet music to my ears as my gay ass dad stares in fear
While his wife's being killed in here, this sounds fun
Not even twenty seconds into round one and mom's done
Put her in a rear naked choke til her neck is broke
And dad whatchu stepping for?
Your scary as a pregnant ho
BITCH
I'm an American terrorist uncut
Fuck a therapist, just go beat your parents the fuck up

[Hook: Kehoa & King Gordy]
Dear mother
You have to die
Kill your parents, kill your parents, kill your parents now!
Dear father
You can sacrifice
Kill your parents, kill your parents, kill your parents now!

[Verse 2: Bizarre]
Rufus Johnson, the kid who got molested
Mom finger fucked me while she was still pregnant
Seven months, with two more to go
Crackhead Betty is starting the show
All at the store ready to suck and fuck
Sold my sister for ten bucks to my uncle Chuck
And uncle Chuck, he made her a sex slave
Even a transsexual pub aid didn't wanna stay
They brought me on t.v. for two dollars and fifty cent
Flies around my face, smelling like shit
All white community, somewhere down river
All the white kids said "Johnny you a nigger."
Grab a steak knife, stab you in the eye
Should've left me in Africa with the shit and the flies
Do like John Bridges and write a book
About a childhood star that got his manhood took

[Hook: Kehoa & King Gordy]

[Verse 3: Prozak]
Mommy dearest why have you forsaken me?
Taken me to this place where Satan be
So hastily you've hated me
Since birth I've been rejected, protested
It hurts the worst to accept this
Can't find the words to express this, except for kill em all
And now this twisted mentality holds me tightly
Within the grips of insanity
I've finally flipped from humanity
To the darkest realms, spawned from hell
My carcass harvested as a lifeless shell
No remorse, never tell, handful of pills does me well
I'm psycho, full blown like Micheal
For-grown and spiteful, homegrown with rifles
Serial killer in the making, like Jason, facing my demons
Screaming in silence from violence I've witnessed since breathing
I'm a broken soul, no control
So help me God I'm letting go
.45 up to my dome, cock the hammer, let it blow
Before I go I gotta say goodbye to mother
"Norman is that you, you worthless motherfucker? "

[Hook: Kehoa & King Gordy][Intro]
How y'all doin ladies and gentlemen?
My name is King Dirty Gordy
And... I have a story for y'all
You know somebody that went through it
I don't care where you from...
East, West, midwest, South, please listen

[Hook]
Momma why we ain't got no lights?
Why you and auntie fight over a pipe?
Why all these roaches at night?
Why my uncle always come and steal every thing in sight?
Why different guys pick up my sister every day of her life?
Why my brother and his homies always blazing that indo?
Why they sellin crack and blowin up your basement window?
Momma why you send me to school ugly and never clean?
I'm gettin teased cause my clothes smell like kerosene

[Verse 1]
I see my breath in my own house
I notice the eviction notice on the door so I guess we finna get thrown out
Momma please pay the rent when your next check come
She can barely spit out a word cause her mouth is so numb
And big brother I can't believe you
You ridin in cars with these two
And you know we need food
You sellin 'cane outta here
Drunk felons hang out in here
You ain't hearing things loud and clear, is you?
You know momma can't take care of us
Face it nigga, you our parents, bro
Cause all our sister wanna do is do her hair and fuck
She's the neighborhood rat, all the homies hit it
All the hood niggas hit it, started yellin at the trick
Me and her don't even hit it
Her conversation strictly money and niggas
So she just be senseless
Never though a nigga life would ever be this bold
I shouldn't even be seeing this shit, B, just ten years old

[Hook]
Momma why we ain't got no lights?
Why you and auntie fight over a pipe?
Why all these roaches at night?
Why my uncle always come and steal every thing in sight?
Why different guys pick up my sister every day of her life?
Why my brother and his homies always blazing that indo?
Why they sellin crack and blowin up your basement window?
Momma why you send me to school dirty and never clean?
I'm gettin teased cause my clothes smell like kerosene

[Verse 2]
My brother's locked up now a nigga really out here
Going to school mad as hell cause I ain't got no gear
Man, I'm fed up
Don't even know the last time I had a haircut
G, is you feelin me? But I'm gettin suspended
Cause I'm always gettin defensive
Feelin offended, swinging on classmates in an instant
Often walking home crying cause my pride is dead
So much pain in society gone take time to heal it
On my way home from school prayin to lord almighty
That when I get there no one's gon be fittin to be fightin
We'll just leave that shit alone and maybe we'll be alright
But I'll never be ok, cause seen too much drugs and violence
I see my auntie and here husband move they stuff in
My mommy, what happened to her friend's checks that she does her drugs wit
And when her cash is all gone and her credit is out
My uncle leave and take all his stuff out the house

[Hook]
Momma why we ain't got no lights?
Why you and auntie fight over a pipe?
Why all these roaches at night?
Why my uncle always come and steal every thing in sight?
Why different guys pick up my sister every day of her life?
Why my brother and his homies always blazing that indo?
Why they sellin crack and blowin up your basement window?
Momma why you send me to school dirty and never clean?
I'm gettin teased cause my clothes smell like kerosene

[Verse 3]
My sisters pregnant with her third baby in three years
I'm 13, my mom's still a dope fiend
My brother's outta the pen saying he'll stay clean
No weed or dope sellin, gettin a job wit no felon
Two days later when I see him this shit was so funny
Watch him half kill a friend cause the bitch owe him money
My momma and auntie takin blows in the kitchen
Beefin over a piece of a nickel that came up missin
My uncle all in my brother room, grabbin all his stuff
Uncle when you come home, you know he fuckin you up
But what really fucked up, my sister got me babysitting
I acting like I don't know the bitch like she's just some trick
My brother got caught in the crackhouse, they gave him five
Keep lockin him up lord, just don't take his life
In the end you thought I'd be some thing but I'm not
I'm 18 years old, sellin my momma rocks[Verse 1]
Some people wonder why I even do this wicked shit
I ain't signed to Psychopathic, and Strange don't give a shit
It's cause I'm so belligerent, lyrics I spit is ignorant
Some Juggalos get the hit, and others wanna get a brick
And throw em at me while Im performing, they say Im boring
They warn me that I'm corny with horns, fuck you Gordy
Some applaud me, they call me ungodly and even follow me
They offer me their life, sacrifice it like its a prophecy
But obviously, what's been haunting me is the block you see
They're not into the shock, you need to stop and talk about the streets
You're from Van Dyke and Harper, god dammit
Remember this, that's where you inherited all your talents
The East side was behind you, see you were their king
Till you started dressing Gothic and trying to be seen
Put them two braids up, rapping crazy as fuck
You could have been the greatest as ever but you fucked it all up
And now it's

[Chorus]
(Over)
I don't like how it feels to be sober
Sometimes it makes me feel like its over
See, I got the whole world on my shoulders
I wish that somebody else would come hold it
But then I get the strength of a soldier
I promise it'll never be over
And now I got the power to move boulders
I promise this will never be over
Never

[Verse 2]
Well, the Fat Killahz are stronger but getting older
As artists, brother Marvin has a slight chip on his shoulder
And I feel him, plus Fatt father now has two children
And Bang's married, and I'm in the streets just tryna make a million
This isn't how it's meant to be, you see, The Entity
Was supposed to put me and my three homies on a winning streak
I even told Marshall I'd rather be in the industry
As a group member, that's how much my niggas meant to me
I wish the whole would could see what we have to offer
MarvWon, Gordy, BangO, and Fatt Father
We should have been a fucking household name
With nice gold chains, tryna gain Run DMC fame
The largest group in America, world famous
I'm taking full blame for it, maybe if I had made some changes
To my album this wouldn't have happened, and we went platinum
Don't worry about it, the Fatt Killahz are back in action
It ain't

[Chorus][Obie Trice]
Ayo, this Obie Trice, motherfuckers
And I got this wild ass, crazy motherfucker with me right now
Demented
Who the fuck is King Gordy?

[King Gordy]
King, emperor, Dali lama, Nero
Ruler, god-like, east sides only hero
Keep a cape in the ground, homo sapiens bow
Come and take a sit down with me at this table that's round
Got 50,000 soldiers
That's ready to blow you the fuck away or die tryin at the start of my orders
So I tried to be King, so I died to be King
I be the only one that smoke a 5 on the scene

[Obie Trice]
King motherfuckin Gordy, motherfuckers
Yeah. I wanna hear about some street shit though, Gordy
I wanna hear that shit about that spotlight, nigga

[King Gordy]
I'm in a crack house sweatin
With my side of the door
Nailed to the floor
As I pull my four four
The cops ain't gettin in
Got crack heads on me, watchin out for me
Got these fiends to rock for me
In return I break 'em off a piece
Now obviously I smokin hashes with my partners, E
Some are in for arsony
Or straight up for robbery
Got out to Mississippi tryin shop for keys
We can work a deal, but you gotta coppin threes

[Obie Trice]
That's right, my nigga
But you got these bitches out here tryna stick you for your dough and shit
They want rent, diapers, babysittin..
What do you think about a bitch?

[King Gordy]
Be real for me? Bitch, you ain't real to me
YOU'RE NOTHIN! Been suckin dick since the age of thirteen
Oh, I ain't know you for that damn long? Bitch please
What? Not using tampons? Bitch bleed
Yeah, you gave me some head. You were on bent knees
Now you deserve and bent leg? Bitch, stop trickin
Suckin dick and ass lickin must have got to your brain
He's a blunt, some Hennessey, and $50 in change

[Obie Trice]
Stank bitch. Haha. Ayo, Gordy
Let these niggas know how us Detroit niggas do when we mash out on 'em
Throw that shit on on they ass. Come on!

[King Gordy]
Three piece alligator suit. Alligator boots
With a navigator, interior alligator too
Haters want to shoot. Platinum and diamonds
Is beatin, the sun is shinin. Super models that's knockin
But you can't tell that it all just tongue kissin
His style is just sippin
Flyin out to Italy. Wanna live? Come visit
Chillin in castles with dimes that run the villiage
Broke niggas spit broke shit. Bitch done did it

[Obie Trice]
Done did it, bitch
Ayo Gordy, now I know you a weed type sort motherfucker
So if you had some weed here, what would you tell marijuana?

[King Gordy]
She my first love. I don't know where to begin
You my only friend, taught me how to reason within
When I was down, showed me how to exhale and breathe again
When I was blind, made me open my eyes and see again
Only just the taste of you makes me laugh. Put a spell on me
Everytime I see you makes me hungry
Some time I put my blunt in a thong, it sleeps with me
Y'all niggas just smoke. I drink with weed

[Obie Trice]
Yeah. Ay Gordy..
I want massacre now nigga, I want death
You ain't killed a nigga on a track yet
I want you to kill these motherfuckers
KILL THEM!

[King Gordy]
Fresh flesh under my fingernails. Gouging and throw this crotch out
Your father got knocked out
He got scarred off, his sneakers cut off, and locked off
Niggas shot while he's still pissin, he's pee still shootin out
They don't have a prison that could stop King Gordy nasty satanicism
Abusin my children till they just badly injured
Threaten they lives and tell the cops they mama did it

Hahahahahah King Gordy motherfucker
(Obie Trice motherfuckers)
Situations... A subject sampler..
A vast hale... EMPEROR! KING!
Hahahahahahahahaha[Intro: Prozak]
Tech N9ne! Prozak! King Gordy! Access Denied!

[Verse 1: Prozak]
All my life I been denied, 7th grade attempted suicide
Remained alive, isolated state of my mind
Confined to prison, my visions of multiple killing
I've tried to fit in different clinks, raps, jocks, or the chinks
So what the fuck? I'm tryin' to find a place to call my own
9th grade trial by jury, only 16 years old
Found not guilty back in '93 victim of society
Hatred and mass murder and thoughts inside of me
My mind exposed to a paradox of pain
It's all the same, player haters speakin' my name in vain
Underground rap game king
9 millimeter, brains, flames, comin' out of your veins
From Detroit to KC fuck the industry (Why?)
Because they hate me, they wanna but the can't be me
I guess that's how I'm depicted, arrested but never convicted
Prozak, King Gordy, Tecca Nina, Self Inflicted

[Hook: Prozak] (4X)
ACCESS DENIED! (Access denied! Access denied! Access denied!)

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
I don't make my music for no motherfucking whites
I don't make my music for no motherfucking blacks
To keep Nina's project steady runnin' of the shelfs
I make my music for my motherfucking self
Fuck the industry with a dick stuffed with Hennessey
And 151, put a torch on the tip and then bust on the enemy
Positive energy, you could not change me
You got that heat, I'll take that beat and flip it strangely
Them major labels did not know what to do with me
You knew I was crazy if you went to school with me
Created a King Kong because I sing songs
Got hoes and labels swingin' on ding dongs
World wide respected
Devil boy said we ain't kissin' no motherfuckin' ass to be accepted
That's what I'm talkin' bout, rap let's revived
You tryin' to get inside? Access denied

[Hook: Prozak] (4X)

[Verse 3: King Gordy]
How many times must you die just to live?
Suicides on your mind so you kill
Your whole life tryin' to find something real
Your whole life confined tight and sealed
Don't you lie to me Christ cause you will
Cause then I might put you right where I live
Eternal lights the nights are in hell
Soul downsized cause we blinded by shields
Spineless, you just tryin' to hide your own fears
It is priceless you are dyin' right here
Why am I crucified by my peers?
As a child tryin' to hide my own tears
I'll keep my pride despite how I feel
With the knife beside it's a thrill
Gordy, Prozak and Tech N9ne is so ill
You tried to die, access denied, please try again

[Hook: Prozak] (4X)[Intro]
Bismillahirrahmanirrahim
Alhamdulillahi Rabbil Alamin
Arrahmanirrahim
Malikiyaw middin
Iyyaka na’budu wa iyyaka nasta’in
Ihdinassiratal mustaqim
Siratalladhina an’amta alayhim
Ghayril maghdu bi alayhim waladdallin
Lord Vader

[Verse 1]
There's a Shepard and a lamb in a manger
The lamb is in danger
For angels told the stranger that it needs the blood from it
He does love it but God said cut it
So fuck it the Shepard guts and hits the stomach
Wipes the blood on the front of his forehead he's anointed
Appointed as a soldier for God, who's dissapointed?
Well Allah is he's sick of Jesus
Both of them Middle Eastern
Hope they can get to speaking but no one would give a reason
While there is tension between Muslim and the Christian
This is funny cause Lucifer also uses this against them
To win souls cause them folks change when the wind blows
Repent full sins or replace where you've been
On your knees you're chin's on the holy carpet
Ass up you done started Muhammad Islamic
Now you fast for weeks, bring to the East
Maybe if we see the Arab in the mighty Jew
Fight to death praise me

[Hook]
Allah is a God
Strap on, strap on bombs and die for him
Jesus dies for all
On crosses, crosses crucified for men
Allah versus Christ

[Verse 2]
Yo, if it means dying upset to travel
Blessed to see epic battles
Request to be in their actual face
As legends capture moments so holy
Only these opponents cause commotions
That stir in oceans and planets and solars
That's over a hundred of millions of light years, yes I am right here
Lightning don't strike fear cause lightning is like spears
Aimed at the heart of the Gods been fighting for nine years strait
No breaks sometimes so violent I cry tears
But this was meant to happen in the scriptures but with different matches
Satan was supposed to be in action, he's the champion
Each time that Jesus is hit, it's like a fetus been ripped
Right out of a women's womb, the bleeding's intense
One of our lords are doomed, what's the real meaning of this
He grabs the sun picks up the moon, yes the beatings begin
So much suffering I can't believe
Was 13 when I first seen it now I'm 83

[Hook]

[Outro]
Congregation, don't you ever let someone tell you that Jesus did not die for you and your sins. That you are not washed in the blood of the lamb. That you are God's children. For God thought of the world that he gave his only begotten son. For whoever believed in him, Jesus[Verse 1: King Gordy]
Hey Yo
Me and my soccer mom is locked in an octagon
With boxers on and knuckle guards around our palms
Who's the first to drop a bomb?
Get her in an arm bar and make her tap out, she slips out, gets into full guard
Don't worry my mom's strong, but pops soft so he coaches her
Grow some balls and come n get your block knocked off
NO
But she says she wants to do it so let's do it
Beating her til she's bloody the canvas covered in fluid
Hearing her scream is therapeutic
See it's like sweet music to my ears as my gay ass dad stares in fear
While his wife's being killed in here, this sounds fun
Not even twenty seconds into round one and mom's done
Put her in a rear naked choke til her neck is broke
And dad whatchu stepping for?
Your scary as a pregnant ho
BITCH
I'm an American terrorist uncut
Fuck a therapist, just go beat your parents the fuck up

[Hook: Kehoa & King Gordy]
Dear mother
You have to die
Kill your parents, kill your parents, kill your parents now!
Dear father
You can sacrifice
Kill your parents, kill your parents, kill your parents now!

[Verse 2: Bizarre]
Rufus Johnson, the kid who got molested
Mom finger fucked me while she was still pregnant
Seven months, with two more to go
Crackhead Betty is starting the show
All at the store ready to suck and fuck
Sold my sister for ten bucks to my uncle Chuck
And uncle Chuck, he made her a sex slave
Even a transsexual pub aid didn't wanna stay
They brought me on t.v. for two dollars and fifty cent
Flies around my face, smelling like shit
All white community, somewhere down river
All the white kids said "Johnny you a nigger."
Grab a steak knife, stab you in the eye
Should've left me in Africa with the shit and the flies
Do like John Bridges and write a book
About a childhood star that got his manhood took

[Hook: Kehoa & King Gordy]

[Verse 3: Prozak]
Mommy dearest why have you forsaken me?
Taken me to this place where Satan be
So hastily you've hated me
Since birth I've been rejected, protested
It hurts the worst to accept this
Can't find the words to express this, except for kill em all
And now this twisted mentality holds me tightly
Within the grips of insanity
I've finally flipped from humanity
To the darkest realms, spawned from hell
My carcass harvested as a lifeless shell
No remorse, never tell, handful of pills does me well
I'm psycho, full blown like Micheal
For-grown and spiteful, homegrown with rifles
Serial killer in the making, like Jason, facing my demons
Screaming in silence from violence I've witnessed since breathing
I'm a broken soul, no control
So help me God I'm letting go
.45 up to my dome, cock the hammer, let it blow
Before I go I gotta say goodbye to mother
"Norman is that you, you worthless motherfucker? "

[Hook: Kehoa & King Gordy]Hey yo, this is your ? guy, flying by
And right now I'm probably on Van Dyke and Harper
Smokin' a long one paper swisher of some fire ass greens
Which is way more important than returning your phone calls
And listening to any messages that you have left me
Please have a fucked up day!

[Bizarre]
Whooo! This is a wonderful day!
The sun is shinin', it's eight-five degrees in Detroit, Michigan! (Yeah!)
The kids is outside playin' (Alright!)
And I'm HAPPY! I'm happy!
Cause I just came from thirty-six Dichan Court!
And I'm a free man! (Alright!)
Now I'm a go to the store, and get me a Bud Lite!
And a fat, bag of weeeed!

Wakin' up lookin' for a bag of herbs! (AAAHHH!)
Smokin', drinkin', all on the curb (Whooo!)
Christmas trees, leany B's, all types of ?
Meds, hydro, even ?mint green?
Shiiiit, I don't rap for weed! (Hahaha!)
Freestyles, hooks - whatever you need (Whatever, dog)
Come to my house we can go to the G-room
Take some shrooms, and look up at the moon! (AAAHHH!)
Kick off your shoes, relax your feet
While I roll some herb and roll up a fat sweet
Cookies and brownies, whatever you wanna eat
Cause you know Bizarre, he be lovin' some sweets!
I smoke so much weed, my pee is green! (Eeeewww!)
Next week, it'd be all clean!
Bizarre's in the back, 84 'Lac
Poppin' some pills listenin' to "Free Want Back!"

[Hook 2x: King Gordy]
Yes, I wanna get high! (Get high)
And listen to music! (Listen to music)
Some of that good old hip-hop! (Hip-hop)
Straight ghetto music! (Ghetto music)

[Swifty McVay]
HA! I'm from Detroit, bitch, where nothin' is splendid
I'm with niggas that light up trees like the month of December
I'm in the kitchen smilin', cookin' brownies, drownin' Long Island
Allow me to finish this off with a Valium
Now we, physical zombies gettin' in touch with hip hop
And R&B, laughin' at shit around me (Yeah, niggas!)
You overstep your boundaries, I ain't slappin' your hand
You tryna snatch my gan, I'm in casinos slangin' Vicodin
Cloudy, what can you say to niggas that sniff?
More dust than Saudi Arabia and I get rowdy
I'll be smoky as a kettle black
If you ain't Clinton, then you inhalin' that!
So I'mma force you to smoke hella crack!

[Hook 2x: King Gordy]
Yes, I wanna get high! (Get high)
And listen to music! (Listen to music)
Some of that good old hip-hop! (Hip-hop)
Straight ghetto music! (Ghetto music)

[Stic.man]
I love to see the homies cliqued up, fist up
Khakis on sag, bandanna, rags twist up
Hood pry, unified, G's up, ride or die
Livin' by the code of the street, an eye for a eye
Graffiti on the wall, ghetto life
Homies hangin' at the pool hall, out on the block, shootin' dice
Every set of push ups is for my locked up comrads
And for the ones we lost during combat
Pourin' out Cogniac on the concrete
Where the junkies sleep, little kids runnin' the street
My life is full of pain, but it's positive, still
Now that I'm hip to the game, I'm harder to kill
Ghetto waterfalls comin' from the hydros, watch out for the cars, lil homie!
You the cards, lil' homie!
...Yes, you are, lil' homie!
...We all stars, lil' homie!

[Hook 2x: King Gordy]
Yes, I wanna get high! (Get high)
And listen to music! (Listen to music)
Some of that good old hip-hop! (Hip-hop)
Straight ghetto music! (Ghetto music)

[King Gordy]
Some of them old Jay-Z!
Or higher blaze! (Yes!)
Sam Cooke! Some Al Green, Anita Baker
Give me a pound of that[Verse 1: King Gordy]
You can try to fight us, you'll collide with lions
I am likely to triumph, despite 9 of us dying
300 of us, 3 million of them
Keep coming, we're fucking them up, we're piercing their skin
Chop their heads off. Tear it off, chew on their limbs
Drink blood for protein and yes we'll do it again
Your king's a coward, don't care what you do with your men
But we are soldier and will die keeping it true til the end
Put me in a arena, give me one sword to defend
Myself against a billion, let the bloody war begin
Then I walk out without any signs of me even being in battle, gladiator
Something you've never seen or could fathom
I'm a general, put inside a pit this shit is pitiful, walking around dead animal
Carcasses cause I slit his throat
You can see I'm heartless a part of this comes with getting thrown into a dungeon
Til I kill Ceasar and get the throne

[Hook: King Gordy & MJ Robinson]
I'm a gladiator!
I am the son of God but they try so hard to enslave me
I'm a gladiator!
They can't stand my blood so they kill my wife and baby
I'm a gladiator!
You can't hold me
I'm a gladiator!
I'm killing this poetry
I'm a gladiator!
I am Maximus, with an axe I'll cut you I'm crazy!

[Verse 2: King Gordy]
I ask myself time and time again, will I die fighting inside of this lion's den
These tyrants like it they can't hide it, they smile and grin
I wish that I could put my knife right inside his chin!
I'm a general not a criminal
Men are getting done critical
Then I'm entering in his room, Ceasar I'm here to get at you
I'll take your life and your crown
Take your wife and your child
Today they're hyping the crowd
They may die in front of thousands
Living legend in your presence
Give em less then fifty seconds
Split your neck then hit ya chest, blood is spit in six directions
Aspire a God-king
Inspired by all things
That's higher than ya'll beings, that's human at offspring
Like Zeus or a crossbreed, an unusual live thing
I'm brutal to the few of you who chose to not drop knees
I'm on top and I won't stop until I conquer the whole continent
The dominant god they call Xerxes!

[Hook: King Gordy & MJ Robinson]

[Verse 3: King Gordy]
The mummy returns with blood in the urn to resurrect me
A God-king is how you will address me
Dress me in golden garments
My flesh bleeds not a drop for I am supersonic
I'm like Mohammed the prophet
Oh Jesus Christ, he's super nice, He's super natural
I'll be a knight and when we fight turn to an animal
I'll swing this knife, as mean as Slice, I'll fucking slash his throat
He needs to die, his meats divided, we are cannibalistic
The Christians insist they're against this
Well send em the head of their messenger, this begins it
Holy war, golden swords, broken jaws, swollen open scars
Soldiers we are warriors, we go for ours
We're to control the whole world by early tomorrow
A man infatuated by a nation calling him God
I'm here to rule the whole universe
I will have you and her, kneeled before I'm through with this verse

[Hook: King Gordy & MJ Robinson][Hook: King Gordy]
Now here's the story of Gordy the great
Loves puffin' blunts, stuffin' food in his face
He takes the road only few would take
You'll probably see him on the news today

[Verse 1: King Gordy]
Well bitch, Gordy's here to crash your cabaret
You're pissed, I don't care, I done had my laugh anyway
I'm here to smoke all your weed cause I downed your liquor
I'm laughing, my family's steamed as soon as I enter
They don't really wanna tell me how they feel, be real
Ma', you don't want me at your crib cause I steal
And dad, you don't want me at your pad
Cause every time she walks past I'm looking at your new wife's ass
My auntie and uncle? They hate my guts too
I hate it has to come to me taking from you
Sorry guy, but I feel you've insulted me
Just for leaving something in front of me
Honor amongst us? Bitch, stop it
Man, I'm tryna pick pocket the man who's pick pocketin'
And for the ladies, I have a magic trick, listen here
Put your purse in my hand, watch it magically disappear

[Hook: King Gordy]

[Verse 2: King Gordy]
What's on today's agenda? I can't remember
Oh yeah, take a swisher, put haze all in it, then blaze and hit it
Okay, I'm back on track now
I drifted away for a minute, came back down
I'm mental, my brain starts itching from these rap styles
Did I mention I'm insane lyrics that wow
A thieve who feels stronger 'bout robbing
Please pardon me while I steal your belongings
From kitchen utensils to kids bicycles
From pennies to nickles I will try to hit you they say
Nothing is worser than a thief
Thou shalt not steal is what many people believe
But I shall not live without anything to eat
Ill steal a hot meal, candied yams, greens, and meat
And a big cup of Kool-Aid to drink
See I'm a broke MC, I don't get paid to think

[Hook: King Gordy]

[Verse 3: King Gordy]
To those I offend, I'm really not sorry for it
Oh you stole before, see, you just call it borrowing'
No matter how you look at it, it seems to me
You've been charged for a crime I like to call thievery
You're in denial, but I'm sure it'll pass
Now you go now with your big bad stealin' ass
It ain't wrong man, you needed that shirt, you needed them pants
Baby girl you need that skirt, you need that cash
You stole from your baby daddy's secret stash
Girl you lookin' good, so what if he beats your ass
Sometimes you just have to take the good with the bad
If you took it, then you crooked, better hope that it lasts
If this becomes a hit, man I'll be so glad
Cause I actually turned hittin' a lick into a fad
And I'll have fans that scream to me with feelin'
(Hey, thats the guy who made a whole song about stealin'
I love you!)[Intro: Tech N9ne]
"They say the lust is of the devil
And around the night time i get very horny
Thats why they call it horny, cuz the devil's 'supposedly' supposed to have horns
But, who knows if any of that bullshit exists."

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
I'm a nice guy.. My life's a light sky..
So much love I might cry.. Daah! Nice try!
I'm an evil seed, in the day I sleep and the night fly
G.A.Z.E. in my E.Y.E.Z. and you might die
I'm a horn dog, got a lot of that porn y'all
Warned y'all, I was straight born raw like Orenthal
But I'm way worse because he was cornball
I remember keeping him in my dungeon with a leather suit and a
Orange ball in his mouth, I had some foreign broads in his house
How did they get twisted and torn claws when in 'bout?
Nine inches then I stuffed they dorn draws in his couch
For now I let 'em suffer, in the morn all then it's ouch
I have a devil's haircut in my mind
That's why I be sucking blood and bustin' nuts in my rhymes, I'm horny
So don't ignore me if you're semi-fine
Me and Gordy, Prozak love orgies and we in our prime and we

[Hook: Tech N9ne] (x2)
Can't hide the (Horns!) And I won't hide the (Horns!)
I live with the (Horns!) So I'll die with the (Horns!)
If you fuck with the (Horns!) Then you'll get the (Horns!)
So if you want the (Horns!) Then I'll give you the (Horns!)

[Verse 2: Prozak]
Schizophrenic thoughts spin around my mind sorta like rotisserie
Spittin' this wicked ministry to the beat of this Rebeck symphony
With a sin for me, separated by 6 degrees of greed for centuries
And hatred engulfs my sensories like hallow screams from penitentiaries
This perpetual cycle of depression intention remains bottomless
Even my psychologist said suicide may be the only option out of this
And while the name Prozak and insane seem to sustain synonymous
One half of me wants to engage in the fame while the other half subsides monogamously
A vigilante who sends deadly packages through the mail
Confusing law enforcement agencies cause I write death threats in brail
With somewhat of a God complex sending the Arabs to the depths of hell
I warned you you, were forewarned, now witness like horns unveiled
I'm taking you on a hell ride so grab those safety belts and fasten 'em
Through the screams of tortured souls and eternal flames crackling
Refusing to reap what you sow and wanna stop this all from happening?
This madness will continue until all of Strange' goes platinum

[Hook] (x2)

[Verse 3: King Gordy]
I'm in the desert sands of Bethlehem
Trying to get Jesus to mate Mary in the manger and molest a lamb!
Don't jerk yourself off Jesus, use someone else's hands
So where's those damn disciples he'd like to have some sex again!
I guess Young Peter's receiving cause Jesus felt his ass
Christ is an effin' fag, he likes to dress in drag
But hey, I guess his dad is just as mad
God woulda never had a sissy for a son bet he's regrettin' that!
But yet we still ain't accept the fact
That he's fuckin' his mother and at the Last Supper he confesses that
He's an undercover male-lover and oh yeah Heaven's wack!
He don't want the Light, now I got Christ wearin' black!
See, I'm the Devil on his shoulder, yeah I'm that scary fat
Demon that'll turn all you hethens into scaredy cats
King Gordy, the Anti-Christ, God Killer
I am before and after Christ, I'm called a sinner
Motherfucker!

[Hook] (x2)[Verse 1:]
When The Darkness Falls There Shall Be A Full Moon In The Sky
And I Shall Become A Wolf Loose In The Night
Thirsting For Blood
Cursed To Walk The Earth With A Grudge
Savage Canibal
Half Man Half Animal
I Know You See Me On Dateline
Its Strange Ill Change Into This Thing That Has The Fangs Of A Canine
Indeed A Killa Full Of Disease
You'll Need Some Silver Bullets For Me
My Acts Are Heinous Up In Transylvania
In London I Jus Bit The Fuck Out Of Your Young Son
They're Nothing But Lunch Meat If I Catch Them
But Am I The Hunter Or The Hunted Thats The Question
Villages Have Formed Together To Kill Me
The Silly Shit Ill Be Goin Where Ever They Will Be
And I Dont Give A Fuck What You Say
Humans Are Weak We Use Them For Meat
They're Nothing But Prey

[Hook:]
Im So Scared Of The Light
That's Why I Only Come Out At Night
I Love To Howl At The Moon
Keep Your Kids Outta Sight
Or They'll Be Eaten Tonight
I Love To Howl At The Moon

[Verse 2:]
Im Sick Of People Callin Me Weird
I Can't Take It The Next Thing That You Will Hear
Is Them Praying
See I Have Bitten For Years
And Lets Face It The World Doesnt Want Me Here
But They Fake It
Giving Me Those Claps And Chears
Like I Was Naked
The Faces Wore Off I See Clear
I Am A Human Being
And What You Seeing Is A Metamorphoses
From This Morbid Kid
I Have Been Forsaken
Please Dont Awake Him
He's The Equivalent Satan
Im Contimplaten
Do You Know Your Facein
I Am Amazin See I Dont Know How To Say This
Im Worse Than Jason
Fuck Home Grow Underground It Is The Safest
Im Here Rip Off Your Faces
Plus Im A Rapist
Do You Know Wut Today Is To Say Your Prayers
Cus I Dont Think That You Gon Be Able
So Say Them Later

[Hook:]
Im So Scared Of The Light
Why I Only Come Out At Night
I Love To Howl At The Moon
Keep Your Kids Outa Sight
Or They'll Be Eaten Tonight
I Love To Howl At The Moon[Intro: Bizarre]
Dear Brenda
This letter goes out to you and my kids
Pray for me
Cause' I'll see y'all again one day
Let you know
Daddy loves you

[Hook: King Gordy]
I just lost my job my wife is gone I can't go home no more
Oh this life's too hard where are you god, your child is coming home
Lord I've tried to stay but there's no way I can fight carry on
If I die today please find a way to keep my family strong
I am gone

[Verse 1: Swifty McVay]
I'm a soldier that's been haunted by Satan
I'm gonna hold a Caliber straight to my cranium
Created as the angriest baby since Damien
I'm grown and my family hate me, psychopathic majorly
Drama persona, spirit Bio-hazard
I create Bastards caskets for granddads
A cactus that sprout like seedless hospital
The child of a wild family, dark cloud on top of the roof
There's nothing to lose, cabinet full of booze,
And 2's that get rid of who don't understand my views
The news destroy me, not trusted
A null employee, busted from holding a gun to the customer
They must got an APB and I been beating my wife twice as much since she seen me on TV
An outcast, that's haunted because my past done had it
So when you gonna cap my Ass Motherfucker

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Bizarre]
Heroin Addict, crack heads gone wild
2 years using, 2 years in denial
All that ballow straight from the drug centre, timberlands, yellow thong in the middle of winter
Like where the Fuck am I going?
Who knows its snowing
2 days from now my girl will be out here hoeing
For my little girls birthday I promised her a bike
But I also promised myself a pipe
Can't see me, ain't washed my ass in a week
I smell like feet, face full of Taco meat
I ain't Fucking my wife, since our wedding night
Viagras, can't even give me a hard pipe
Fuck it, give me a Fucking long knife
In 2 minutes, I'll take my own fucking life
Leave my fishing rods to my son and my car to my girl and Fuck it
I'm a say goodbye to the world

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kuniva]
Yo, I'm life Ffuck the jokes I need revenue
So when I Hail, (get the Fuck down)
That's what you better do
I didn't want to resort to bringing out the guns
Or breaking in your savings wiping out all of your funds
But I'm a dollar away from being homeless
So late night I'm drunk and roaming mouth foaming (grrr)
I ain't seen my kids in years
My wife left somewhere between the coke, grief and beer
Now that I'm stuck staying in motels with rats and roaches
You eating a steak and I'm stealing cakes from hostess (I'm out)
Man I'll be damned if I be out on these streets
Watching mo'Fuckers riding round laughing at me
I'm a strong arm a school teacher
Stick up a few preachers, (uhh)
Jack you for two pizzas, (give me that)
Give me some new sneakers
I stuck the wrong kid he pulled out a few heaters
I hear a voice calling me I hope its you Jesus

[Hook][Verse 1: King Gordy]
I smell seven dead children
Inside of a Fed building
With their heads bitten off, their legs missing
A failed mission
My angels who bare witness
To the rare sickness
Unaware this gentleman with this stare
Was in Genesis as a serpent
He's lurking in your churches as a worker
For God, but this is all a facade
He'll piss in all of your gods faces
Fuck Allah, got a picture Mohammad in my wallet
He's a profit, but the gods hate him
Now why should I pray five times a day
To the East when it might require me dying today
Put on a fucking bomb or two and bomb a Jew, all of you
This is what Allah would do, Muslims will follow you
Virgins in heaven await
So you can fuck them in their ass in front of Allah while his Arab ass masturbates
Fuck it, why not be Jesus' bitch, he's the shit
He'll forgive you for your sins, shit he'll even suck your dick
The nation of Islam has been bombed, this is a Sit-Com
Religion isn't making my dick cum
The Koran is toilet tissue
The bible is so official
If you're Catholic
Then you can put the fattest dick
Into a little alter boy's ass
Now all the boys ask
To study with the father, cause he fucks them hard and fast
Well, hard core anal, on all fours thank you
Welcome Jesus Christ's mistress, hail Dark Lord Vader[Hook: King Gordy and Bizarre (Bizarre speaking)]
I fucking hate you Justin (Hate you)
I want to rape you Justin (In your ass)
Your albums are disgusting
Justin Bieber we're going to kill you
I wanna hurt you Justin (In your mouth)
Put you in a little hearse young Justin (I'll kill you)
And fuck your fans in the ass till I'm cumming
Justin Bieber we're going to kill you

[Verse 1: Bizarre]
5 in the morning, just popped a pill
London, Ontario, somebody 'bout to get killed
White boy lover, they say he's down with Usher
Duct tape a blade, I think it's time for supper
Nothin' to wear, jumped on Canada air
An hour and a half, I'll be there
And do you think I can get a little boy pregnant?
([King Gordy] I'm 'bout to bust!) Hmm... We'll find out in a second (Hahaha!)
Disrespected, treated like a slave
I'm your school teacher, and you done misbehaved
Say goodbye to Ms. Bieber, cause you about to leave her
In back of your head, hit with a meat cleaver
Fuck you in the ass, then spit in your face
Cause I wanna see how Justin flesh tastes
Sodomize you, that's what I'm gonna do
Kill my 8 year old daughter, for listening to you
Fuck you!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: King Gordy]
Now I never had a crash at a light with pedestrian
Never had sex with a man that looks quite like a lesbian
But, uh, then again, you are just a little boy, cinnamon
Flavored lip gloss he's so timid and he's giggling
Just like a little baby do, but I'mma give his ass dick for baby food
Got him wearing boy shorts and lady shoes
(Eh, Gordy you fucking Justin, baby, isn't that gay?)
Quit fronting, Justin's a woman and I don't see if that way
Justin don't got a dick, Justin's got a clit and likes to swallow piss
Justin's a white trailer park bitch that got a lot of kids
Stop calling this stupid bitch Justin, her name is Justine!
That slut sings to ages under 13 who love cream
Shot in their fucking mouths and lick their fucking butt clean
And pull a machete out and cut them 'til their guts leak
Trying to put my long ass peter in Bieber's beaver
The eat his little coochie 'til he squirts all over my sneakers

[Hook][Hook: King Gordy]
Oh mirror, mirror
Can you tell me what you see? (Kali!)
I'm scared to look at you
Cause you looking back at me (Kali!)
Oh why oh why
Must the mirror show me these things? (Kali!)
Like the ways of the world
And the darkness that it brings (KALI!)

[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
I'm scared of the lightning
Afraid of the thunder
Scared to go to bed
Cause I'm afraid what may be under it
Scared of my black skin and of my people
We all should be running for the steeple
Picture me a paranoid bipolar schizo nigga
World on my shoulder
Curses words and as I'm getting older
I'm sorta kinda tryna find a way to get me higher
A way to escape from the place
Damned by the hellfire and brimstone
I'm stuck in evil people tyranny
They see that gotta be
So the demons is even here in me
God got ya back, though the monster touch ya
Stay praying up cause darkness wants ya
Gotta get away from losing up these news
Watch you off a vodka and juice
So you let loose when you're locked in a booth
Speak clearly, don't nobody come near me
Cause I'm bad for my own health
Save me from my own self, in the mirror

[Hook]

[Verse 2: King Gordy]
Yay see spirits
And me I see visions
Of me being Christian (what?)
Who you calling a Christian?
Oh shit that's me isn't it?
I have fallen in temples
Bleeding from every ligament
Of course I have to lynch us
And now my poor mom is crying in cathedrals
"You are not the son of God, quit lying to these people"
Oh mother they are trying to deceive you
I don't give a Michael Myc for these people
And his eyes be her equel
I have trouble making changes to need you
This mirror opened up my mind
I am Jesus Christ but the sequel
What the hell is this?
My reflection got me feeling devilish
Now I envision heaven with me starring as a terrorist
It's so bad [?]
Startin' wars to the lord
Make me bust hell wide up in the ground floor
Broke up, watch me stage dive right in
Who's come and pick me?
We gon' live a life of sin

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko]
I'm seeing your reflection, noticing something 'bout ya
Hoping it won't take exorcism, to get this shit up out ya
Sitting in the dark and it's remarkable
How I set my art apart
For the dark ones who whole heartedly been rulin' it
Coolin' at the fact that I made fly
But got the feelin' it's a glass celin'
I can only get yay high
Pullin' world over from under myslef
My mental health is interiorating
Tellin' myslef to rebuke Satan
Somebody else inside of me
Hidin' behind the fact that
I'm probably goin' back to my childhood anyway
And if I keep on dreadin' the path of scary thoughts in my past
I'll probably just end up snappin' any day
Some man standin' here booter
I represent the love of God
The wicked world got me feelin' sorta odd
Feel me if you sorta guy, don't try to find that out
Cause the mirror be knownin' me, showin' me inside out so

[Hook][DJ Young Mase]
Rip Big P Forever
Rip JD
The Dozens

[Hook: King Gordy]
I thought we'd see forever you and I (Oh I thought we'd see forever)
You was my home boy I was your guy (You were my best friend)
Now when I rhyme I look at the sky
Mrs. Pitts I'm sorry (Ooh I'm so sorry, ooh I'm so sorry)
See he was an inspiration to me (You were my only inspiration)
You were supposed to make it with me (You were supposed to be there)
Lord I don't know what to say but plead
Mrs. Pitts I'm sorry

[Verse 1: Bizarre]
Karnail Pitts will never never die
As long as I'm breathing and my groups still alive
And I can't lie I miss my nigga
Every time I see Belle Isle and Detroit River
Mrs. Pitts you done lost two sons
Proof dying that's like the 3rd one
And I wanna thank you for showing up to my court cases
Standing in front of the judge three years I'm facing
Told me to be proud and dry my tears
Be a grown man and show no fear
We all love driving, reminiscing about how me you and Proof used to go fishing
I wanna give you a call but I don't know what to say
That's why I get on my knees every night and I start to pray
Drive down 6 Mile I circle your block
Park in front of your house but I'm scared to knock
I miss you (Carolynn)

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Swift]
Now every Saturday after shop
You gave me props I gave you props too
Respected each other and as time grew
He always took the time to ride thru
And ask me if I had a verse ready to rock at St. Andrews
And as for you I'm sorry we never took the time to see you
When we got signed we came up to your job
Now that was a long time ago
I thought I'd let you know that you was on my mind
Through this rhyme I apologize

[Verse 3: Kuniva]
As time goes on and the pain starts to easy up
Just know your son's memory will never leave us
And you can call on us if you ever need us
Cause life's road is full of hard knocks and speed bumps
You so strong and I wish you the best
I wish you more stress so you can pass life's test
If you feel like you drowning we'll be your life vest
I had to get it off of my chest
Mrs. Pitts I'm sorry

[Hook]

Oh I'm so sorry Oh I'm so sorry

[Talking: Bizarre]
We miss you
Carolynn Pitts you lost three sons
But you got four more still alive and breathin
And there for you
What up Moe
Rip Suge
5150
Yea
Mrs. Pitts we love you
D12 4 life
Yeah[Verse 1]
Well..
(HIGH TIMES) what I experience when I hit the blessin
(LIFE LINES) Cuz this is serious, we will kill your best friend
(WRITE RHYMES) like no other being, spit awkward morbid shit
(BRIGHT WHITE) Lights what you see, keep walkin towards it
(SHINE HEIGHT) Web Entertainment, I'm gon' get famous with a
(FINE LINE) from arrogance, David (?) forgot what's in this
(LIGHT CRIME) I love eatin, livin, eatin, and breathin
(FIGHT MINE) Dumb bitch for repeatin the things that she did

GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY

[Verse 2]
Armed and dangerous, AKs turn your brains to mosh
Mix my weed with angel dust, feds label us notorious
Van Dyke nigga that love to bust. You laid to us
That nigga thats baggin and tacklin
Coming with strings and violins
That violent shit
On them beds we lyin in
We like to sin
High off speed and nitrogen
So much dope, it's toxic shit
You try to go to sleep - oh not again
I wouldn't snooze if I was you
You know what Gordy gon do to you
King of these dreams since '92
Look at all the hell I've took him through
Can't lay down cause you know who
Comes right in and haunting you
Really wanna know what death like? Well, I'm the nigga to fuck wit
You niggas can't bust clips (cuz) me and Fat Killahz love the dumb shit
Fuck the dumb shit, get the 'K
All the intentions to hit your face
Hit your waist, grab your shit
Peel this gat, spatter quick
I don't think you wanna fight, son
Blood will spill all of the night, punk
All these hoes, I have to hit once
Crack or blow, you got to try one
Got ten blunts, I got to light one
So what you gonna do, get high or what?

[Hook]
Don't let me fall asleep
Gordy will come for me
He shows up in all my dreams
Chasin and hauntin me
GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY!
GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY!

[Verse 3]
(I'M A LIVE WIRE) Burn up the stage with high adrenaline
(FLYIN HEIGHTS) That purple haze, go cop some switches then
(LIGHT TIGHT) Son his ass, punch him by his ear lobes
(KNIFES SLICE) Cut his ass, gut him right in here yo
(MAD BITES) Don't let your parents know you blow crack again
(NIGHT LIFE) Got you sellin your soap mouth and ass again
(QUITE NICE) with these hot rhymes that I allure
(MY MIND) Your not inside, but I'm in yours

[Hook]
Don't let me fall asleep
Gordy will come for me
He shows up in all my dreams
Chasin and hauntin me
Don't let me fall asleep
Gordy will come for me
He shows up in all my dreams
Chasin and hauntin me
GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY!
GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY![Verse 1]
Well..
(HIGH TIMES) what I experience when I hit the blessin
(LIFE LINES) Cuz this is serious, we will kill your best friend
(WRITE RHYMES) like no other being, spit awkward morbid shit
(BRIGHT WHITE) Lights what you see, keep walkin towards it
(SIGN HEIGHT) Web Entertainment, I'm gon' get famous with a
(FINE LINE) from arrogance, David (?) forgot what's in this
(LIGHT CRIME) I love eatin, livin, eatin, and breathin
(FIGHT MINE) Dumb bitch for repeatin the things that she did

GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY

[Verse 2]
Armed and dangerous, AKs turn your brains to mosh
Mix my weed with angel dust, feds label us notorious
Van Dyke nigga that love to bust. You laid to us
That nigga thats baggin and tacklin
Coming with strings and violins
That violent shit
On them beds we lyin in
We like to sin
High off speed and nitrogen
So much dope, it's toxic shit
You try to go to sleep - oh not again
I wouldn't snooze if I was you
You know what Gordy gon do to you
King of these dreams since '92
Look at all the hell I've took him through
Can't lay down cuz you know who
Comes right in and haunting you
Really wanna know what death like? Well, I'm the nigga to fuck wit
You niggas can't bust clips (cuz) me and Fat Killahz love the dumb
Shit
Fuck this shit, grab the AK
All the intentions to hit your face
Hit your waist, grab your shit
Peel this gat, spatter quick
I don't think you wanna fight, son
Blood will spill all of the night, punk
All these hoes, I have to hit once
Crack or blow, you got to try one
Got ten blunts, I got to light one
So what you gonna do, get high or what?

[Hook]
Don't let me fall asleep
Gordy will come for me
He shows up in all my dreams
Chasin and hauntin me
GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY!
GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY!

[Verse 3]
(I'M A LIVE WIRE) Burn up the stage with high adrenaline
(FLYIN HEIGHTS) That purple haze, go cop some switches then
(LIGHT TIGHT) Son his ass, punch him by his ear lobes
(KNIFES SLICE) Cut his ass, gut him right in here yo
(MAD BITES) Don't let your parents know you blow crack again
(NIGHT LIFE) Got you sellin your soap mouth and ass again
(QUITE NICE) with these hot rhymes that I allure
(MINE MINE) Your not inside, but I'm in yours

[Hook]
Don't let me fall asleep
Gordy will come for me
He shows up in all my dreams
Chasin and hauntin me
Don't let me fall asleep
Gordy will come for me
He shows up in all my dreams
Chasin and hauntin me
GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY!

[Verse 4]
You can't stay awake. You hate the way you think
You blaze and blaze for days
You contemplating ways to put 38s to brains
Look who I made insane. Move and I break you frame
I'm gruesome with hand grenades
You choose to shoot thangs and thangs
We lootin you, take your chain
We touch you with crazy gangs
We'll do you like candid AIDs
We'll screw you till man it's made
Do you till man has sprayed
We stupid with foolish face
Illusions hallucinate
Coming with nuisance fades. (How you doin?)
I can't complain, just the usual paper chase
Spit fluid, amazing statements
With music that bangs the pavement
How can take the pain like sewage for stinkin basements
Your food is tastin tainted
Your crew, they be the greatest?
Is it true, they can't be faded?
If it's true, I came to spray them, slangin tomatoes
We knew that you lay awake
You can not be saved
From a voodoo playing with Satan
The usual crazy patient

[Hook]
Don't let me fall asleep
Gordy will come for me
He shows up in all my dreams
Chasin and hauntin me
Don't let me fall asleep
Gordy will come for me
He shows up in all my dreams
Chasin and hauntin me
GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY!

[Verse 5]
Yo, I don't think they heard me the first time dog... HIT 'EM AGAIN!

(HIGH TIMES) what I experience when I hit the blessin
(LIFE LINES) Cuz this is serious, we will kill your best friend
(WRITE RHYMES) like no other being, spit awkward morbid shit
(BRIGHT WHITE) Lights what you see, keep walkin towards it
(SIGN HEIGHT) Web Entertainment, I'm gon' get famous with a
(FINE LINE) from arrogance, David (?) forgot what's in this
(LIGHT CRIME) I love eatin, livin, eatin, and breathin
(FIGHT MINE) Dumb bitch for repeatin the things that she did

GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY!
GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY! GORDY![Chorus]
Nobody wants you, they're all gonna laugh at you. (Laugh at you)
Cuz in reality, everybody hates your guts. (Yeah, they hate your guts)
I never loved you even though I know that you loved me
Gordy, you're nothing. Gordy, you're nothing. Gordy, you're nothing
Yeeeeeaaaaaah

[Verse 1]
Nobody loves me, nobody likes me
Why am I rhymin? Ain't nobody gon buy me
Can't even get nobody
No woman wants to hold me, I'm lonely. I'm a big nobody
Nobody smokes with me neither
Nobody's there to put five or get high off of my own reefer
Nobody to chill with
Get tipsy when I get rimy, kill fifths
Ain't nobody with me
Ain't got nobody to slide with me
I got a cut list on twenties, nobody rides with me
We copin with the loud sounds
Nobody give a fuck, cuz I'm the nobody around town
Don't even beef with nobody
I'm nobody to beef with, e, I got heat with nobody
Can't even sell yay on my corner
Fiends won't buy me like they ain't see nobody, guess they ain't want him

[Chorus]
Nobody wants you, they're all gonna laugh at you. (Laugh at you)
Cuz in reality, everybody hates your guts. (Yeah, they hate your guts)
I never loved you even though I know that you loved me
Gordy, you're nothing. Gordy, you're nothing. Gordy, you're nothing
Yeeeeeaaaaaah

[Verse 2]
I used to hate myself. I hated everything about me
I hated everything that breathed around me
But I'm also the most hated
When I roll on chrome they so hate it
Which one of y'all got the most hatred?
Can't get a record deal. Major labels hate me
I got no sex appeal, that's why no ladies will date me
Plus lately the daughter of my baby's been kind of crazy
Sayin she never loved me.. Aw bitch quite hating
I just hit that a week ago
Then you see me with a chick and you become a hater
Swing and hit the ho
You got too much hate in your heart, I seen this before
Once the hatin in you starts it just eats at your soul
Will the hatred in you stop? I think not
Until you drop all your hater ways, put down the haterade and drink pop
I classify you as a hate monger
It makes me wonder if anybody ever told you they loved you or hugged ya

[Chorus]
Nobody wants you, they're all gonna laugh at you. (Laugh at you)
Cuz in reality, everybody hates your guts. (Yeah, they hate your guts)
I never loved you even though I know that you loved me
Gordy, you're nothing. Gordy, you're nothing. Gordy, you're nothing
Yeeeeeaaaaaah

[Verse 3]
I guess I'll never be nothing
They say nothing from nothing leaves nothing
I'm blind, I sees nothing
My mind forsees nothing
I'm racing, running into nothing
Trynna make me something, I am nothing
Nothing ever goes my way
You try fucking me, it's nothing
The shit you took was nothing any way
Or maybe I was just never nothing to you
Like our friendship meant nothing and I never did nothing for you
Evidentally I been nothing since the beginning
From out the womb until my funeral, I'll be nothing
I never wanted nothing
Then again nothing ever wanted me
Now we are a couple
Two nothings marry happily
Untill she divorces me ending it horribly and leaves me with nothing
It's just so sad to see..
I'm such a nothing, everybody laughs at me. [*Crying*]


[Chorus]
Nobody wants you, they're all gonna laugh at you. (Laugh at you)
Cuz in reality, everybody hates your guts. (Yeah, they hate your guts)
I never loved you even though I know that you loved me
Gordy, you're nothing. Gordy, you're nothing. Gordy, you're nothing
Yeeeeeaaaaaah[Intro]
How y'all doin ladies and gentlemen?
My name is King Dirty Gordy
And... I have a story for y'all
You know somebody that went through it
I don't care where you from...
East, West, midwest, South, please listen

[Hook]
Momma why we ain't got no lights?
Why you and auntie fight over a pipe?
Why all these roaches at night?
Why my uncle always come and steal every thing in sight?
Why different guys pick up my sister every day of her life?
Why my brother and his homies always blazing that indo?
Why they sellin crack and blowin up your basement window?
Momma why you send me to school ugly and never clean?
I'm gettin teased cause my clothes smell like kerosene

[Verse 1]
I see my breath in my own house
I notice the eviction notice on the door so I guess we finna get thrown out
Momma please pay the rent when your next check come
She can barely spit out a word cause her mouth is so numb
And big brother I can't believe you
You ridin in cars with these two
And you know we need food
You sellin 'cane outta here
Drunk felons hang out in here
You ain't hearing things loud and clear, is you?
You know momma can't take care of us
Face it nigga, you our parents, bro
Cause all our sister wanna do is do her hair and fuck
She's the neighborhood rat, all the homies hit it
All the hood niggas hit it, started yellin at the trick
Me and her don't even hit it
Her conversation strictly money and niggas
So she just be senseless
Never though a nigga life would ever be this bold
I shouldn't even be seeing this shit, B, just ten years old

[Hook]
Momma why we ain't got no lights?
Why you and auntie fight over a pipe?
Why all these roaches at night?
Why my uncle always come and steal every thing in sight?
Why different guys pick up my sister every day of her life?
Why my brother and his homies always blazing that indo?
Why they sellin crack and blowin up your basement window?
Momma why you send me to school dirty and never clean?
I'm gettin teased cause my clothes smell like kerosene

[Verse 2]
My brother's locked up now a nigga really out here
Going to school mad as hell cause I ain't got no gear
Man, I'm fed up
Don't even know the last time I had a haircut
G, is you feelin me? But I'm gettin suspended
Cause I'm always gettin defensive
Feelin offended, swinging on classmates in an instant
Often walking home crying cause my pride is dead
So much pain in society gone take time to heal it
On my way home from school prayin to lord almighty
That when I get there no one's gon be fittin to be fightin
We'll just leave that shit alone and maybe we'll be alright
But I'll never be ok, cause seen too much drugs and violence
I see my auntie and here husband move they stuff in
My mommy, what happened to her friend's checks that she does her drugs wit
And when her cash is all gone and her credit is out
My uncle leave and take all his stuff out the house

[Hook]
Momma why we ain't got no lights?
Why you and auntie fight over a pipe?
Why all these roaches at night?
Why my uncle always come and steal every thing in sight?
Why different guys pick up my sister every day of her life?
Why my brother and his homies always blazing that indo?
Why they sellin crack and blowin up your basement window?
Momma why you send me to school dirty and never clean?
I'm gettin teased cause my clothes smell like kerosene

[Verse 3]
My sisters pregnant with her third baby in three years
I'm 13, my mom's still a dope fiend
My brother's outta the pen saying he'll stay clean
No weed or dope sellin, gettin a job wit no felon
Two days later when I see him this shit was so funny
Watch him half kill a friend cause the bitch owe him money
My momma and auntie takin blows in the kitchen
Beefin over a piece of a nickel that came up missin
My uncle all in my brother room, grabbin all his stuff
Uncle when you come home, you know he fuckin you up
But what really fucked up, my sister got me babysitting
I acting like I don't know the bitch like she's just some trick
My brother got caught in the crackhouse, they gave him five
Keep lockin him up lord, just don't take his life
In the end you thought I'd be some thing but I'm not
I'm 18 years old, sellin my momma rocks[Repeat 2X]
There's nothing, there's nothing
There's nothing, no there's nothing
Won't lose it, can't lose it
There's nothing but this music

[Proof - Verse 1]
My mind is broke, too many lines of coke
Open mind for beefing, no reason, now I'mma choke
Time to quote something you've never heard
Pour my heart when I talk and spit it with every word
We ain't playing no more, saying no more
No gangs to war, move the ground when we came for yours
In a four-double, Billboard trouble
This industry ain't ready for more rebels
Kill at will, with the will to kill
Keep it real with steel, these pills'll feel
Proof for popping, they used to jogging
To take out your block was my future calling
Don't confuse it y'all, I used to brawl
*pop pop, pop* 'Til your producer fall
Who's involved? They don't wanna do nothing
Loot-style, I'll make 'em all move something
Clap the mag up, back the gas up
Leave 'em scapped and smashed up, then wrapped in plastic
Ask the hood, this a platinum classic
Now quit the yackin bitch and pass the acid, c'mon

[Hook - King Gordy]
What they want right now is a nigga with nothin' to lose
- Ohhh nothin' to lose
He got no shame in his game about the stuff that he do
- Ohhh the stuff that he do, right now
Jump off stage right now nigga start punchin a fool
- Ohh punchin a fool
Y'ALL BITCH, that's why we ain't fuckin witchu!
- We ain't fuckin witchu, no no

[Proof - Verse 2]
Hit the metal with devilistic tounges, is fun
For the ghetto kids that misfit dumb
Along with red and yellow biscuits to munch
This day before you was never meant to come
Forever rich and dumb, brought out anyday
You heard Slim, we all out Renegades
To the end of days, blow your skin away
Who better than D12? That's a sin to say
Can you follow this? Y'all swallow shit
Of politics, I'll lack the tolerance
Take the motherfucking dust from this laced blunt
Take The World With Me, fool, nigga like Pacewon
Ain't none ready, slap, box for kicks
Pack box to spit, and smack cops with dick
This is narcotics, and dark knowledge, that's symbolic
Sin-sonic, demonic, and my hearts rotted
Make plans on insanity sands
I'm like "Damn", too much in me Incredible Man
And I got a gram in each hand in enemy land
I'm bustin' off on your block, like Yosemite Sam

(Chorus)

[Proof - Verse 3]
Ugh, sittin' in Hell with a blunt and ice cube
Plottin' with Satan to snatch God's light view
Didn't like school, I never liked you
I'm burning Bible's while I'm sniffing on this white glue
Fight dudes, black to white fools
Then act cocky, I'm Rocky, shit I might lose
But I doubt it, I'm 'bout it, 'bout it, about it
Loan me your life, or see Christ without it
Victory, is meant to be
Where my father has been, it's been a mystery
But I don't give a fuck, I'mma live it up
Getting drunk, hitting clubs, and I'm selling off prescription drugs
And I miss you Bugz, hold steady now
Proof is here, the world ain't ready now
If you gay, you gay, you straight, you straight
You violate today, another mistake you make, HEY
Are you swallowin'? Hey, lil' thing I'm poppin'
Don't need a greasy college to see you droppin'
Proof the king of bosses, so bring your coffin
I'm like a sucka punch, "Why?", Cause I ain't seen it often
Genious artists, so retarded
Broken hearted, my soul's like a open target
And I'm ready to leave Earth
You step to my death, next year on my t-shirt

(Chorus)

[King Gordy - Outro]
Got Derty Harry, well well
King Gordy, well well
Dirty Dozen, WELL WELL
FAT KILLAHZ, FAT KILLAHZ[Verse 1]
Some people wonder why I even do this wicked shit
I ain't signed to Psychopathic, and Strange don't give a shit
It's cause I'm so belligerent, lyrics I spit is ignorant
Some Juggalos get the hit, and others wanna get a brick
And throw em at me while Im performing, they say Im boring
They warn me that I'm corny with horns, fuck you Gordy
Some applaud me, they call me ungodly and even follow me
They offer me their life, sacrifice it like its a prophecy
But obviously, what's been haunting me is the block you see
They're not into the shock, you need to stop and talk about the streets
You're from Van Dyke and Harper, god dammit
Remember this, that's where you inherited all your talents
The East side was behind you, see you were their king
Till you started dressing Gothic and trying to be seen
Put them two braids up, rapping crazy as fuck
You could have been the greatest as ever but you fucked it all up
And now it's

[Chorus]
(Over)
I don't like how it feels to be sober
Sometimes it makes me feel like its over
See, I got the whole world on my shoulders
I wish that somebody else would come hold it
But then I get the strength of a soldier
I promise it'll never be over
And now I got the power to move boulders
I promise this will never be over
Never

[Verse 2]
Well, the Fat Killahz are stronger but getting older
As artists, brother Marvin has a slight chip on his shoulder
And I feel him, plus Fatt father now has two children
And Bang's married, and I'm in the streets just tryna make a million
This isn't how it's meant to be, you see, The Entity
Was supposed to put me and my three homies on a winning streak
I even told Marshall I'd rather be in the industry
As a group member, that's how much my niggas meant to me
I wish the whole would could see what we have to offer
MarvWon, Gordy, BangO, and Fatt Father
We should have been a fucking household name
With nice gold chains, tryna gain Run DMC fame
The largest group in America, world famous
I'm taking full blame for it, maybe if I had made some changes
To my album this wouldn't have happened, and we went platinum
Don't worry about it, the Fatt Killahz are back in action
It ain't

[Chorus][Verse 1]
I got to be bout the meanest ever
You defeat me never
I was born dead!
Fat nigga with horns in his head
Calls himself the east side King! He breathes lightning!
You can see electrical currents when he's rhyming
Skin made of Teflon, he don't need no vest on
He proceeds to get blown, when he bleeds the shits chrome!
He ain't a human being. Wait till you see him
He's a true demon
He uses trees
To defecate on loose-leaf
A ghetto legend came out the womb at 11
With the face of a felon, but a face like a meteor hit him
A Detroit icon!
With a stomach made of pistols, eye of tiger, heart of lion
The ghetto messiah! It's on forever
1877, more calm then ya!
Never knew the east side, he would have to run
Calm like a thief in the night with a mask and a gun

[Hook]
Ohh... somebody pass me a lighter (Well)
Oh won't you please light this blunt up for me (Tell 'em why!)
So I can get high and start spittin the fire (Aw, Gordy!)
Let these niggas know why they call you 'siah

[Verse 2]
Lyrics comin with the strength of ten men
Not even with titanium bones, I'll end them
I'm stopping his men, now he's breathin slowly
I hope he don't pee
On himself when I'm rhymin his legs and break one knee
A verbal arsonist, my verse it too hot to spit
Burning off all your skin, murder your ligaments
Why do they call me King? I ain't self proclaimed
These eyes saw a whole lot of niggas die cause they felt the flame
Think I'm talkin just to hear my motherfucking self talk?
I am to the east side what Biggie was to New York
Hope I'm lyrically uplifting ya when I'm dropping this
Stay humble, never arrogant. Just confident
I just want Detroit to love me, oh I cry for you
I looked out yelling your name, ready to die for you
I just want to puff a blunt, oh just for you
Oh Detroit, I love you so (Oh! Well....)

[Hook]
Ohh... somebody pass me a lighter
Oh won't you please light this blunt up for me. (Tell 'em why!)
So I can get high and start spittin the fire. (Aw, Gordy!)
Let these niggas know why they call you 'siah

[Verse 3]
I got the scripture of a king, paint the perfect picture
A worthless nigga
Peseants, bow down to my presence
With these two braids sticking up
In case you were wondering "Why in the fuck
Does he have the two braids sticking up?"
Drinkin gin outta a a tenth-century English cup
Fuck shootin - tou cross me, your head's bein cut (Off wit his head!)
My cape is from an African lion eye, from a sacred African tribe
They'll prasie me after I die!
Forty eight frames made from an elephant's tusk
Motor gauges on like the president or something
Old people lookin like, I know he said something
But go and let him do his thing
He's the east side's king
Please don't try to do it people, boy this guys out of it
Please don't try to do it people, oh this guys out of it!
Well, don't try to interview him, oh this guys out of it!
Only thing he's gonna scream is (well, well, well, well)

[Hook]
Ohh... somebody pass me a lighter
Oh won't you please light this blunt up for me (Tell 'em why!)
So I can get high and start spittin the fire (Aw, Gordy!)
Let these niggas know why they call you 'siah