[Produced by Seven]

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
I get to busting like I’m a thirty ought six
When I’m ripping the beat up, but then I heard he got pissed
When I got at the top and they made him pretty hot
Cause he knowin that Tecca Nina’s a dirty chopper
He’s handle, holmes, here’s a handful
How in the hell he hovering having hella go H.A.M. though?
I said to Seven, "Richie Havens'll be the man"
So we put it together thinking Eminem was a gamble
Guess not, cause he be the guest spot
Kaliko said, "What we doin'?" I said to 'im, "Let's chop"
So now the people finally get three of the best locked
Never be another choppers comin' so let's rock, nigga
You're on, people got to wondering if it's a for sure song
Yes, I got another killer making a tour strong
If you thinking of battling - you're gone!

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
Nobody can catch him he the Speedy Gonzales
The beat is the problem
And if ya got your feet in your mouth
You gon' have to beat it up out of him
It's a lot of 'em and I mean a lot of 'em
And me and Nina used to follow them
I’ve got to audibly body them
This is it man, the hitman, the Ip Man, karate 'em
And the fans will lift hands, we'll be dancin' out of 'em
And in Kansas advanced to withstand a pile of 'em
Who stands with two hands to move in the crowd of 'em
If I ain't makin' sense
Then you better sample the amp of it like the bass
It ain’t ever been a gift for me to heat 'em, I beat 'em, I burn 'em
(Then I let 'em melt)
They never heard of us, but look at 'em turnin' up
I slap the shirt off a super simpleton makin ‘em be impotent
If and when I be flippin', niggas be feminine
I said the purpose to pimp a pen
And reverse the conditions I’m living in
And do bigger numbers than Eminem
Gotta be fast or I'll smash on a nigga
With half the cash I’m a little sicker, quicker than you figure
(Ice cold) I make 'em shiver bigger than the winter
If you half ass delivering I'mma eat your dinner
Better than mine, oh no, not me, I mean other guys
I jump around so do that mean that I’m rubberized?
Me and N9ne master meaning we murderize
We'll bleed ‘em, beat 'em 'til they be gone feed 'em

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko & (Tech N9ne)]
Speedom!
(If you wanna go with us)
Speedom!
(I'mma leave 'em in the dust)
Speedom!
(I must be the one to bust)
Speedom!
(And I'm gonna hit the clutch)
Speedom!
(If you wanna go with us)
Speedom!
(I'mma leave 'em in the dust)
Speedom!
(I must be the one to bust)
Speedom!
(And I'm gonna hit the clutch)

[Bridge: Krizz Kaliko]
Sometimes, I feel
Like I'll never slow down
Worldwide Choppers
Sometimes, I feel
Like I'll never slow down
Worldwide Choppers

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Wait! Before I wreck this beat, let me just check to see
If Stephanie Mills left any extra refills of ecstacy pills next to me
In the seats spilled or she eat ‘em all with a breakfast drink
(You inspect the sink?)
In the habit of grabbing a mic and babbling, I dabble in Vic's
But I might just swallow my fuckin' Ritalin tablet after tonight
I’m grabbing it right from the medicine cabinet
Cause that’s what it’s like and attackin' it like a Dracula bite
Jetpack in a backpack when I write
All this anger pent up inside
I went up inside a Bennigans diner with a cigarette lighter
Figured I’d try to set a big enough fire
That’ll trigger the sprinkler system
And I’d escape, but the getaway driver screwed up my limo
Collided with the center divider
I went through the window and ended up being pinned to the side
Of a semi fender beside a friend of the guy’s wife Brenda
The flight attendant from Idaho
That took an antenna in the vagina
‘Cause when I pick up a pen I’m venomous
And I’m as slick as Dennis the Menace
Like an evil dental hygienist, sinister
You’ve been yelling dementedness
I invented this, I’m the genesis
Eminem is a nemesis to a feminist
Fuckin' smart alec degenerate
I got Ellen DeGeneres
Tryna tell me these men are just full of jealousy
Envious of female independence
Hell with a clitoris, hit or miss
You will never consider this a bitter disappointment
I'll never fail to deliver this
Whatever the weather in this'll be
Just like a certificate of authenticity
That I’m thinkin’ about
Just tryna think of the quickest and sickest way to make ‘em picket
I pick a day to be a prick then I’m picking the wickedest shit to say
Spit it back on a level, incredible, head full of Red Bull, unforgettable
Better believe these beats are edible
And I consider loose leaf a vegetable
And I stalk my prey
You think you got away, uh-uh not today
Murder you on a song and then I'll just say
I was with Dr. Dre and Robert Blake
Eatin' lobster, steak, and coffee cake at a restaurant with Drake
And Tech just got to make sure that our stories corroborate
I'm a lot to take, like Kanye
Walking up on the stage for Beyonce
Like it’s my job to say
That you’re not a real artist, but it’s my obligation
Honest Abe is on his way, you will not escape
Ammunition replenished, the Punisher
With his gun insured, hundred words
And a clip, other words motherfuckers better run
If you're not lookin' to get run over by the roadrunner
No wonder no one don't wanna go
And jump in front of a fuckin' runaway locomotive
Or get thrown up under it just tryna fuck with the..

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko & (Tech N9ne)]
Speedom!
(If you wanna go with us)
Speedom!
(I'mma leave 'em in the dust)
Speedom!
(I must be the one to bust)
Speedom!
(And I'm gonna hit the clutch)
Speedom!
(If you wanna go with us)
Speedom!
(I'mma leave 'em in the dust)
Speedom!
(I must be the one to bust)
Speedom!
(And I'm gonna hit the clutch)

[Bridge: Krizz Kaliko]
Sometimes, I feel
Like I'll never slow down
Worldwide Choppers
Sometimes, I feel
Like I'll never slow down
Worldwide Choppers

[Verse 4: Tech N9ne]
I'm the fury, the final fight
I flip it on fraudulent fellas for feelin' fright
I flick it on fire, finish him when the flow in flight
Feminine fakers fall, I'm floggin' a foe with a fife
Never forget it, I severed the head of a critic
I sped up and did it, you tripping to be a dead epidemic
Or wet up a clinic, and make a bloody redder percentage
Of an addict who’s having to get the lead of a cynic
I was never the Devil, I put up a fight up in the industry
Peddle the metal, we giving the light, a lot of energy
We repping, beat checking he that be Koba
If he's the evil enemy it'll be over
Wanna get down, in front of your town
You ever making fun of the clown, I'm gunning you down
We doing it under the ground, a wonderful sound
If anybody come at the hound, no one'll be found, bitch
Would never be chopping without Slick Rick
I got it from the record, 'Lick the Balls' and this dick
If you never listen to me, you musical misfit
Nah, cause every time I be dropping I get bit
I'm hearing a lot of rappers, they trying to spit quick
But the Middle West got 'em,  and we killing 'em in this bitch
If you ain't in my circle of choppers you missed it
Cause me and my nigga Twista ruler, and that's it

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko & (Tech N9ne)]
Speedom!
(If you wanna go with us)
Speedom!
(I'mma leave 'em in the dust)
Speedom!
(I must be the one to bust)
Speedom!
(And I'm gonna hit the clutch)

[Bridge: Krizz Kaliko]
Sometimes, I feel
Like I'll never slow down
Worldwide Choppers[Intro: Tech N9ne talking backwards]
(siht si ton eht tnar fo na live nam, siht si eht tnar fo na ylemetrxe nekorb nam! os od ton ekatsim siht rof yrlived, esuac' ti si ton! mi tsuj gnivah emos fo ym tsekrad stnemom ereh yletal os, yojne! ahah)

[Chorus: Krizz Kaliko]
I can't breathe anymore
I've gone the distance
Can't see me anymore
The darkness has overcome
I don't wanna be part of this
But I let it take me
So I let it take me
Now it's dripping all over me

[Bridge 1: Tech N9ne]
We on the surface be hell raisers
We crave good life but born into this dead-zone
I've searched for answers from my female maker
In the cemetery but they never produced her headstone

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Black as ever like Shabba
Thick and oozing like lava
See this room with my Prada, dadda
Must've came from my father
‘Cause my mama, was an angel
But this thang grow, insane bro (insane woah)
(Swallowing sound)
This is darkness accumulated
Over the years and heartless buffoons that made it
Over to here on the TV
Cops kill a man ‘cause he’s trying to buy a BB Gun (BB Gun)
What’s gonna happen when they see me come
Really run (Really run)
(Swallowing sound)
I’m ‘bout to just boom
Take the madness
Let it explode and shake the masses
Shroud that I carry here to break the rabbits
And awake the maggots
I hate your habits (I hate your habits)
Your evil's consuming me
Now my heart and brain's together in unity
Darkness…
‘Cause ain't no opportunity

[Chorus]

[Bridge 2: Tech N9ne]
They say my metamorphosis made a monster
In so many ways this statement might be true
Your plan right from the start was divide and conquer
So what do you think I see when I see you?

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
Give me your wishes
Give me your hit-list
Bring all the wicked
I’m ‘bout to show you I’m vicious
Ligaments and Sriracha’s delicious
No stopping for tickets
Don’t make me give the crooked coppers the business
(coppers the business)
(Swallowing sound)
I look suspicious
Wearing your anger
During your danger
Swearing whore wrangler
Don’t let me close to y’all
If you touch it it’s like an overdose of Propofol
I be the ghost to all
That wanna vote for hogs
I gotta go to maul
(Go to maul)
(Swallowing sound)
Licking my lips, ow!
Burn my tongue
I need a germ to come kill me
In worms and dung lay stagnant
I’m an avid mad lad
See the evil I grab it
Stick to me like a magnet
You can have it
(You can have it)
Rack, I'mma clack on they asses
Brack!
Brack!
Brack!
Give the evil no passes

[Chorus]

[Outro (whispering)]
If I told you ?my energy is so strong at times its force can move things, would you believe me?Inside joke is outside now

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
No K?
Just another way me and my crew say, "No way"
Or "It's not okay" when I got the bottles pay
And somebody you don't know that wanna swallow say
"I don't got no grip but want a sip." No K
"Can I take yo blunt right to my lips?" No K
Broke ass always begging me that's No K
You don't understand then bitch, no way
See you ballin', gotta tell 'em, "No K"
Lookin' like a money bag, smellin' Dolce
Hungry lookin' at you like their feelin' Chipotle
All you gotta tell 'em, "Run to hell and go play"
We flyin', you tryin', to get a check, sit next to who's buyin'
She wanna sex a vet, never request a net and love Tech for Tech, but you lyin'
Hey, and that's no K, get away and the bitch best obey
Tryin' to use sex to get yo way but the greed negated everything that ho say
And she played out like exposé, tryin' to get quality time like, "Let's crochet."
Got me thinkin' of chinnin' some underhanded women but I never hit a woman so I'mma fetch Solé
And Ginuwine said, "That's no k." (Heh Heh Heh)
Sayin' if you got ya hand out, stop ya damn mouth
Ain't none of my fault you get low pay
So needy (Ha), I'm on Ace of Spades and you J Roget
They wanna try and get whatever you got
Wanna wear the chain and watch, I'ma say, "No K."

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
No K, that's what I say when I don't really wanna
Say that it's all right (No, no, no)
No K, that's what I tell you when I ain't just trynna
Talk to you all night
(Noo-ohh) Can't get my money
(Noo-ohh) That's not okay
(Noo-ohh) And I'm one hunnit
(Noo-ohh) So I'ma tell you that's no K
No K

[Verse 2: E-40]
No K
She my bitch but I ain't finna give her her none of my pay
No way, no how, no what?
Bitch, I don't give a motherfuck
It's paper over pussy, P-O-P
Celebrity get everything for free
If you can't swim, you gon' drown
Throw a bitch up in the air and break her 'fore she hit the ground
No K  No K, No K No K
This ain't Broadway, no play
From the track, from the cage, from the soil, from the mud
Words hella hate, no love
No suckers allowed in my camp and hell no, you can't hit my weed you tramp
Wanna stand on the stage? No K, you can't
Ride on my bus? No K, you can't
Why you always got ya hand out? All you do is pout like a woman
Grown man, act like niggas owe you somethin'
Habitual liar, always lyin' for nothin'
Start a lot of shit and be the first one runnin'
No K, prolly told on hella niggas in the game
Like Jose, AK, AK-47 to a nigga brain
Get him out the way

[Hook][Intro: Tech N9ne]
Welcome to misery, punk!
We deep rooted in this, y'all hear what I'm sayin'?
KCMO! KCK!
Yerm sayin'? It's how we do it
Tech N9ne in this peace
Strange Music represent! What!?

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Welcome to Missouri where the killers pop it off
And when I say pop it off I mean
Deadly with the tongue or the gun
We can do it if anybody want it, whether rapping
Or get to clapping up another, tell everyone
Misery Loves Kompany so we dump at the
Enemy when it be energy sendin’ me the route
Of negativity, trippin’ with me, you runnin’ for your life
‘Cause you ran your mouth (Mouth)

[Hook: Tech N9ne] (2X)
We can sang or we can bang
It ain’t no game we untamed
Whether it’s fame or we can aim
Release your brains it ain’t no thang
(Midwest Choppers)
Yerm sayin’, we livin’ in pain
And it’s a shame that you
Came and got drained and listen
Man, stay in your lane
(Midwest Choppers)

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
Finna witness the murderers monologue of a menace
Comin’ from out of a sinister formidable place
I can let you know the in’s and the out’s and I can spit it
Wicked twisted and you can see by the look of my face
Gimme the mic and I’mma mangle it tangle it
Definitely the people see that I got the hang of it
Pity you gotta try to make a mockery of a city who
Pock ‘em and block ‘em buck at you baby we dangerous
Came to get strange with it, bang with it
Stop and get a little untamed with it
Get the chopper like a fully a bully with a hoodie
Sit or get up and take ‘em out or spit cane with it
Well the answer is right before your eyes - who do you despise?
Killers who chop you we got to stop you, pop you partner you gustin’
Get up outta the way when Tecca Nina be bustin’
Gotta give it up, I’m a veteran like Edison
I’mma light ‘em up and get in your head again
I’m better than ever, never let her featherin', death it be fetishin’
Sever it hit the mic and then we pedalin’ medicine
I’m a chopper, chopper, chopper!
Automatic kickin’ the ammunition
Killin’ the competition no it ain’t nobody
Hotter, hotter, hotter!
Damagin’ everything and everybody
You know we on a mission, listen to me
How can I make you understand I'm a general
Even if you poppin’ the competition is minimal
Kan-city killers and you can bet that we criminal
The demon inside of me keep on tellin’ me when to go
So I’mma keep reppin’ the midwest choppers freakin’ flows
And I’m 'bout to be up on top of this and truly be bustin’
Beggin’ for mercy, you punk I ain’t givin’ you nothing (Nothing)

[Hook] (2X)

[Verse 3: D-Loc]
Lyrically we be the best in the Midwest and we cake’d up
I ain’t talkin about women, I’m talkin about paper
D-Loc and Dalima enter the center
And get coded and when in the competition we for sure to kill em
I spit like a fully and ready made, through any type of weather
With the Beretta tucked right, under my sweater
And we hotter than lava
The way that my gillas be keepin it poppin
Partner you tight, but my gillas are better
We keep it choppin like a blender, eatin boys up for dinner
Guillotines we chop your heads off, and throw em out the window
We too critical we ill and you walking away looking so pitiful
The AGT we be the number one contenders
(When it come to the street we still post on the block)
40 Cal. on my lap and my middle finger up to the cops
On the way to the studio to go and make another hot track
They be lovin the way that we spit it when we drop
They call me D-Loc, so the functioning definition of a soldier
My opposition is more culturally richer
I spit like a Tommy and anybody in my way I’mma fold em
And me and my gilla gorillas want it cause we the coldest boys
Be tryin’ to battle cause they want our position
But they can never get in it because we better and bigger
And like I told you we the number one competitors dealin
Workin their way up to the top
And they won't stop til they get the millions
In the hone of the century D-Loc and Dalima
Chemistry, you can never cross with them
Igganas idah the ebe ossinbay the yricala
Iggertra eavela otherma uckerfay’s lost
You can try to read us, you can try to beat us
Try to get your speed up, but it ain’t gon matter
Cause after we get finished bustin there ain’t gon be no laughter
We takin over the map with Tecca Nina the master (master)

[Hook] (2X)

[Verse 4: Dalima]
When I’m up in the zone I get to representing the city in decay
Hollow your brain ‘cause I’m a disaster
Dalima get ridiculous if I’m coming at you
Leave ‘em in a predicament ‘cause I’m a style master
And I’m not impressionable now, just so you know
I make ‘em sweat ‘cause I’m best with the flow
Whenever you wanna flex we can go, keep stressin’ your code
And I gonna leave your back on the floor
Midwest fin’ to flow like (She flows with the most strife)
‘Cause the energy is the bomb
I can tell that you fascinated by the way that we rhyme
And we blow like, with the flow strike with the fire
(Baby ain’t nothin’ you can say though)
‘Cause I’m sippin’ on Henny and bustin’ like the semi go enemies now
Irritated with the haters that be comin’ around, so I kick it
Like a relative of the area style
Meanin’ that I’m really sure, so, I’m too sick for a cure, so
Ain’t no need for a doctor my verbal word play
Be makin’ your nerves shake ‘cause I caught you
Pants down when I popped you now
Let’s take a trip to the valley of real gills
Strange individual with the militant ill skill
Pop a collar and holler at the broads with real skrill
Get down for the cost ‘cause we flossin’ big wheels
(What up with it?)
Don’t be acting like you get tough with it
When the chopper come out the trunk spittin’ off in the strange
Gill killers gonna be devoted to leavin’ your bodies
Smokin’ but really, you can’t get off with it
(Man, this game is rough)
‘Cause whenever I’m bustin’ it’s like a full heart stopper
Dalima, Tecca Nina, Kaliko and D-Loc
Rip another with the flow ‘cause we Midwest Choppers (Choppers)

[Hook] (2X)

[Verse 5: Krizz Kaliko]
Hey Tech, watch this
Kalli baby, you better act right get right
‘Cause I’m the baddest nigga hookin’ up with the fastest badass
That'll hit you with the lyrical lyrical miracle whip, incredible
Bitin’ like the head off a cerebral
Diggy-diggy down, once your figgy frown at the c-c-clown them
Hounds is bound for your town, diggy-diggy-diggy
And if you lookin’ for the sound
You can be found with the nigga wearin’ the crown
Are you really with me?
And when you hear it nigga then zip it
D-Zippit make you wanna reposition your pivit’
When we write it and spit it, we makin’ somebody get it
And if they won’t hear it and deal it, but forget it to get it (Stop!)
Or I can keep babblin' on
Or rattelin’ off at the mouth while we travelin’
And I’ll be thinkin’ it all be speakin’ about the things that I be doin’
A couple scooping up out my mouth this album ‘bout to ruin
You and you and you
And I can stop with the drop of the caribou
And if it’s on the pop n’ it’s due with you
And I won’t hesitate to chop you and chewin’ you
Ahah, while they doin’ you
And if you lookin’ for the better in the veterans who can bust
You got the cali gun for fun
And if you throw, we bustin’ back at you when you attack
I’m on the track I hope they puttin’ down the gun
(Dalima’s a chopper) Chopper!
(D-Loc a chopper, that Tecca Nina’s a chopper)
The Kaliko will knock your block off
You never see it comin’ hit you when we were gunning
You runnin’ we walk off (We walk off)
‘Cause is for the way that we flauntin’ (We flauntin’)
And we comin’ headhuntin’
No we won’t stop ‘til we get to the top
You on the way, then we midwest chop ya (Chop ya)

[Outro: Tech N9ne]
Strange Music, bitch
Seven years of excellence
T-O-G, and N-9-N-E, real numbers, bitch
Now from us to you
Tech N9ne collabos
Welcome to Misery Loves Company
And for all the haters:
Fuckin’ peasants. Soo Woo, motherfucker
Figure it out[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
I wanna give, give it all
I said, I said, I said, I said
I wanna try to kill everything in my way
Everybody say, hey, ey, ey, ey, ey!

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Yep, I'm the one ya heard
Reppin rojo on Jimmy Kimmel had some disturbed
But niggas know that we ruff and rugged so mum's the word
Tech N9na face painted look like he come ta purge!
Real Scorpio, shoot this thing like a torpedo
Rock the rip, no remorse we go
Dummy like Mork from Ork, we know
And I say that with the utmost respect
I bust flow to death, I must blow the check
It's never enough dough for Tech
So I get sick with it, I make a bitch dig it
Even when I wanna speed it up and I quick-spit it
I get a bit wicked up in a battle
Try to bite I buck a blammer in his fitted
Killin' music get me stiff sitted, I can't piss when it become hard
So I need a chick to hit it when I kick a lyric
And I'mma murder 'til I'm on the yard (Murder)
My verse are like burst that jerk up and merk the weak twerp
You cannot hurt the Gurkha
First ta', insert the work, the son of the earth
I disperse the curse to reverse ya to the worst of ya, then I'mma
Squirt ya MRSA (Ugh)
Trip not, you see I got the advantage in hip hop
Cause rappers sound identical so when N9na's shit drop
I do numbers, I'm the pinnacle so never will this stop
Y'all can't beat me doin' nothing, except for
Stalkin' these thoughts I spew and suckin'
We run this independent game, it ain't no screwin' us
When we runnin' everything except our mouth while they blue and sufferin'
This on the Bible, I kill any life with a script from this rhyme
Music's done - divine
This is my rifle, there aren't any like it cause this one is N9ne
This a gift from his mind

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Pricetag]
Yo, I Got the call from Tech N9ne
He needed assistance from the group with the best rhymes
That spit the heat up off of yo ass and grind
Fuck all of them flex lines
I get love in every city I sack in cause I rep mine
Around the world, the girls give me head on tour cause I headline
I gotta get fed, I'm fed up, my homies is doin' fed time
I look at that clock and all I see is "Go get that bread" time
Lost too many soldiers so tears, I gotta shed mine
Turn on the radio, hear yo shit, and oh, it's bedtime
I fall asleep, it all is weak, most y'all shouldn't be called MCs
Burnt ya discography, you ain't sale cause all of ya talk is cheap
Smoke up all the tree, my whip look like it got a fog machine
My crib look like a pharmacy, that's prolly why you wanna halt my team

[Verse 3: Oktane]
Livin' facetious, bobbin' head while the weed lit
I make change where I see fit
I don't play like I don't see shit
Yeah, one hunnit, one hunnit, keep it that way and it's a poem
And stay away from the hate and keep all yo plays right in motion
Bust it, I'm down after the sun and up before it, better know it
MVP, most valuable poet, been the coldest, kept it focused
Cause you miss every goal that you don't shoot for
And every time you cut a corner, you make two more
Put richness in my life so I don't have to half at things
And listen for the whispers so I don't have to hear the screams
And I go hard for what I want, so it's just colors when I dream
And then you realize, it's not as scary as it seems
Normal is for pussies

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Tech N9ne]
Ain't nobody handle me, heated like a candle be
Kissin' dirt, ya man'll be for tryin' to dismantle me
Music is my weapon, true, loud enough to deafen you
Never trip with Tech and crew, be careful who you steppin' to
I remember when I was young and I got scars through
Right in back of the paddy-wagons and cop cars too
Now that I'm flyin' high from a rockstar view
Security level let Allahu Akbar through[Intro: Tech N9ne]
First entry for Sickology 101: Dysfunctional

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Yeah, don't you bring me nothing stupid
If you don't want me to lose it
Step back if you don't want me to attack
I'm a beast, better give me the deuces
I have no tolerance for nonsense, get away from me
Nina wanna get dollars
Don't wanna holler but you makin' me
I'm a little dysfunctional
You're the problem, please don't awaken me
And I'm that way cause back in
The day most have forsaken me
La-di-da-di, I'm at the party
On a drunk night with a punk, might dudes
Tryin' to pick a fight because he's sorry
That he ain't Gotti, like I be, cause he
Sloppy, not me, costly rocks be spot free
But he don't know I'm roguish
Surrounded by my soldiers
And they be locked and loaded
Will explode if you can't hold us
And we don't got no scruples
We didn't come to fight and shoot you
But you busters better be mutual
Don't get loose because we cuckoo
Listen, they call me genius, I run the show
Women be on my penis, it's wonderful
Demons think they the meanest
But I brung the foe on the floor
Little bit sick, don't you know?

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
I'm a little dysfunctional, don't you know?
If you push me, It might be bad
Get a little emotional, don't you know?
If you fool around and make me mad
I'm a little dysfunctional, don't you know?
If you push me, it might be bad
Get a little emotional, don't you know?
Might fool around and make me mad
Don't make me mad

[Verse 2: Big Scoob]
Born to hustle, I'm a product of environment
The game done changed, so I've been forced into retirement
But I make moves and I paid dues and I got common sense
Since I can't lose and I can't choose, then I'll come back to spit
I got hit songs but I've been gone so long that I don't fit
Kneeled at the throne, but can’t get on, so I need me a lick
I write these songs but don't belong I'm on some other shit
I'm huntin leads in desperate need, I hope it's comin' quick
I'd wrap my brain to find a lane that's gon' bring me some change
But it's so strange, my life has changed and I am not the same
I come around but since I'm down, it feels uncomfortable
I try to hide it deep inside but I'm dysfunctional
I never learned to hold it in, I gets emotional
First, implode and then explode, I am combustible
So please don't push to play me, pussy, on some real shit
Won't be defeated if I'm heated, nigga, oh shit!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko]
I ain't no killer but don't push me
Goody-goody choir boy never been no pussy
Could be carrying something up under my hoody
Krizz would never snap and kill a baller, y'all, or would he?
Now I wanna be peaceful, but I carry Desert Eagles where
Ever black people are, you know how black people are
I peep 'em out, try to stay evened out
Wanna preach to 'em but their evil keep on seepin' out
Emotions get the best of me, messed up
And then y'all get the rest of me
Depressed and stressed, feel like my destiny
I know y'all think less of me, cause I'm always sick
And I can't let it be, pharmaceutical soup be the best recipe
It's gon' be the death of me, I need depakote
Just to cope, while I keep throwin' them pills down my throat
Dysfunctional blunts will do Smokin' Bombay
Can give me Fung Shui, but I wish that it all would go away
Or maybe I should pray for Jesus Christ to just un-pretzel me
Tryin' to pray for change, but sometimes it feel like he lets it be
So I just take another couple doses, probably be fine
But if you get too close you'll find out that I

[Hook][Intro: Tech N9ne]
I won't look back anymore, after this
Pitch black, star bright, yeah that's my life
A bit of fire and ice
Watch friends, plot foes, stock ends and pot holes
Cause when the tank hit the bank, it just got closed
Don't be stank in the paint cause the yak froze

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Wish I knew back when I was strugglin'
If I plugged in and kept bustin'
I'd be buzzin', that'd make me super rich
Never knew my sufferin' over but
Cousin, I keep it up and gushin'
And tell all of my family, aunts and uncles, cousins to do the shit
Just gain power through all of the rain showers
No good to remain sour cause someone else's lame hours
Wish I woulda known to tell 'em all to start they own business
Make long digits instead of havin' a boss who talk at the wrong pitches
To fake friends, cause it's never enough
At hostile situations with folks, I learned it's better to bust
First, and you still a nigga no matter how much ya stuff's worth
You love who love you, do hug who does true
Connect the true blood to cuzz blue
So keep hopin' the Lord does show up
Cause it'll never be no peace on earth for all of us
'Till this mug blow up

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
Locked up, I'm free still doing time
I'm stuck, on those that's on my mind
Incarcerated, sometimes I hate it
This is the sentence of my life

[Verse 2: Joey Cool]
Ponderin' these thoughts while sittin' idle in this mezzanine
Feel my feelin's boilin' up, I'm simmerin' on everything
Goin' for the gold because it's shimmerin', but everything
That you encounter seems to be devoured, need a better team
Every thought and every dream, every plot and every scheme
Lurkin' around the corner is a hater waiting like a fiend
And choice of drug is negative, and they use it like a sedative
Success becomes the cause of this effect, abuse the medicine
You thinkin' you can let 'em in, partake in buildin' excellence
The serpents come in twos and they meticulous with they meddlin'
The feathers flock together, see the relationships we settle in
Got consequences so it's best to let 'em go, we blessed again
Disloyalty unfoiled, trynna justify they pestilence
I don't understand why they so demanding manic pessimists
I guess if I had to guess, I'd make an estimate, I guess that they
Was just afraid so watch us levitate 'till I'm at heaven's gate

Locked up, I'm free still doing time
I'm stuck, on those that's on my mind
Incarcerated, sometimes I hate it
This is the sentence of my life

[Verse 3: Gee Watts]
Mmm, life sentence for fallen angel physical body
Illuminate my soul, officially became godly
I be the one, all of these demons runnin' from
Dumped a gun, lifted spirits, niggas deem me the chosen one
Phony family in my crowd, rappin' gap and loud
Facin' twelve in the pen, none of them niggas made a sound
None of them niggas round
Now the fame close and the name boasts
I'm 'posed to break bread bitch, taste toast
I should smoke them ungrateful bitches
They doin' the most to see what make you choke
It actually leave ya throat missin'
I'm on a mission to revisit kin and
My prime been hidden, trynna dine with women
Dipped in finest linen, try and find a business
I love who love Gee, fuck you if it's fuck me
That's just how it gotta be, cause I'm paper routin'
Tame nuisance, insane view and check on my lawn
Strange recruit me, guess when the god speakin' Strange Music

Locked up, I'm free still doing time
I'm stuck, on those that's on my mind
Incarcerated, sometimes I hate it
This is the sentence of my life

Instead of cry, maybe I'll keep it inside (x4)[Hook]
Watch yo mouth when you're talking to me
I'll knock you out (C'mon! C'mon!) Piece definitely
I hold it (Down) for my block, for my hood, for my sector
Look at what ya mouth got ya, niggas should've held it (down)

Watch ya mouth or you might get hit in it
One piece two piece dit-dit-dit-dit-dit (Down)
This is for the niggas from my section
Hope you learned the lesson
Bully niggas better hold it (down)

[Verse 1: Big Scoob]
Left, right, right, left, he's toothless
Not Cube but the Big homie's ruthless
With my two fists I can move this
And bout to prove that I can move it with my true spit
I'm locked and loaded I'm ready I'm heavy, lyrics so steady
This for the block Big homie 'bout to get it, mayne
It's time to get it my nigga, my villains spit it my nigga
And if you feel it my nigga then throw a villain, mayne
Veteran now bustin' with my strange cats
Krizza Kali Tecca Nis and my nigga Scat
Chasin' paper my nature we 'bout to sew up the nation
We keep it real while you fakin' now how you love that
Rather scrappin' and rappin' see I'm attacking the action
Big homie makin' it happen now shake it shake it, girl
That pussy poppin' and clappin' now I be tossing your cabbage
And you be watching the savage so come and get it girl

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Joe Vertigo]
Watch me as I rock through the pain, I walk through the flames, insane
With lyrical scatter and spit that'll splatter your brain
I'm tired of chatters get choppers to rattle your frame
We inn like Wendy's it's my way we robbin' the game
I'm throwin' them thangs, I swang with the pain, deranged
To vertical murders sho' dumpin' on niggas with Strange
Ring the alarm, the heavy fuckin' hitters on
My patients will scorn the heavy fuckin' spitters on
I'm postin' wit Tech, I'm postin' with G's in the back
My swagger so mean wit the mini machine on my back
For violence I fiend, I move with a team as a crack
Go loco for rojo, I put that mozzle to your back
And take you on a walk you won't come back from
I take you to the other side of the black sun
(If you disrespect, you'll die to regret it)
Ya fuckin' right Joe Vertigo said it for your mouth
Yeah

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Don't you run up when I'm wit a bitch, mumbling bumpin' some shit
Talkin' bout rap when I'm just beginning
Chump, I don't do battles and this rap will outshadow your spit
Nothing's compatible with this wickedness
When I'm eatin' some niggas just keep beepin'
I guess they just heat seekin'
When it come off with disrespectful talk
You geeks weaken the Nina's the beast chief
And you heathens ain't street deep
So keep beefin' and get yo head tore off
So dim scram for sight of thee grim hand, the fight'll begin then
These niggas is rose pedal soft
This ten grand to rock with me
Him stand like he ought to be tin man
The guerillas'll blow his kettle off
With Big Scooby Joe Vertigo shit's groovy
With Kali big nick truly, nobody is gettin' through (Keez?)
You get woozy, Then out of your head through you
Derouted and shit, who beat 'em down and issued a 2 piece

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Krizz Kaliko]
You wanna battle me? Battle me
All that blabber and that'll be
Causin' you cavity, givin' you agony agony chatterin'
That'll be the reason for your batterin'
Screamin' loud but you niggas ain't matterin'
(Already warned you)
Then I can give it to you with singin' and rappin'
Don't think I can't be clappin' at your habitat
(If I harm you)
Then you must be weak and be frequently gettin' beaten deceit
And plus you a faggot now
Now (Down) how many MC's must get dissed
'Fore they all know don't fuck with Krizz
See I'm a boss boy, fuck around with hog style
The dudes click with Strange and get tossed boy
When I'm off of that
(?) the whole night, for niggas that came to fight, I'm like
Fuckin' with Kali, it might be trouble
Here come in Kansas City Shuffle

[Hook][Intro]
816 Boyz
Ain't we sick, boy?
Are you really going to say that, buddy?

We gettin' money over here
Gettin' money over there
Gettin' money over here
Gettin' money over there
All night and all day

[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
Pull up in a '96 whoop de whammy
816 Boyz got that grammy
My baby momma's momma told me she can't stand me
Rollin' up and hella boom, screamin' like a banshee
Get the arab money, that (Abu Dhabi)
Keep a hand on in case they (try to rob me)
Tryin' to get the paper, tryin' to (count that money)
Drivin' my scraper around like (a Bugatti)
Abu Dhabi is good but too much
We keepin' everything hood that we touch
I like it, I love it, I want some more of it I say
Don't know Abu Dhabi well you gon' learn today

[Hook]
Look at me, I'm on my (Abu Dhabi)
I'm like "oooh", that's (Abu Dhabi)
All night and all day
It's all good, it's all (Abu Dhabi)

[Verse 2: Kutt Calhoun]
My life is all Abu Dhabi, O.B.K.B. baby
They been hatin' lately, maybe cause I made a crazy statement
When I bought the 'lac gold back and the range I be rollin'
New crocodile skin things on my soles when
I'll be slidin' through the function like a Spike Lee movie
On my Kansas City ice tea moolie
Excuse me, you must be from Ireland
Cause every time I see you my penis is Dublin
(MVP?) Check, nigga
(2 years in a row?) Check, nigga
(A Wayne verse?) Check, well?
(Yeah, Tech got it) My nigga
Abu Dhabi I'm good, all I need is a check, nigga
Money, family, royalty, most of all is respect, nigga

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Makzilla]
Pause. Check Twitter, it's trendin'
Real DJs go ahead and start spinnin'
I know it's the fifth time everyone has requested
But don't be a bitch like the Grinch who stole Christmas
Abu Dhabi, it means it's all good
Wishin' they Abu Dhabi is like wishin' a nigga would
"I can't be Abu Dhabi" means I can't be touched
If you got me Abu Dhabi'd, you got me fucked up
Woo woo, woo woo, woo! For the family!
Sha-shake, sha-shake shake ya ass hottie!
Wanna see ya hands up in the party!
Now that, now that's (Abu Dhabi)

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Tech N9ne]
(A!) B-U D-H-A-B-I
(Pay!) The crew, he pay nay, he die
(Play!) Me through, DJ make me fly
(Away!) Yeehoo, cause we H-A-P-P-Y!
Humm du la lah, love my skrill la la la
Well, some milla, ya, yes I feel ya mama
Sum after sum, everyone wants to color ya
For ya dolla-la-la
Yes! Whole lotta money intrigue ya
I go money crazy, psycho like Libra
Dough in my jeans make me lean like Pisa
So when you see me say "Abu Dhabi, my neega!"

[Hook][Intro: Big Krizz Kaliko]
Adidas 1's in da club
(Yea okay thug, what thug okay, okay)
Adidas 1's in da club
(Okay, okay thug what, what)

[Hook: Big Krizz Kaliko]
Adidas 1's in da club
Adidas 1's in da club
Who woulda thought I'd have to pop a trunk
Who woulda thought I'd have to pop a trunk
Adidas 1's in da club
Adidas 1's in da club
Who woulda thought I'd have to pop a trunk
Who woulda thought I'd have to pop a trunk

[Verse 1: Big KRIT]
Air Force 1's on my feet
I ride a Chevy (?) the freaks
Yo I can't stop stop cause my clique still with me
Life is twirl my rims is still spinning
Increase my goal and pop my collar
Bad bitches talking in the club with they Prada
Open my trunk with a lame if I gotta
Show em how quickly a comedy turn to drama
Blaze dead bull for saying shit outta line
Something like (?) a lame get outta time
(?) pop some pills to power up
Don't [?] I used to buy them shells when I (?)
I bust, boy you talkin' shit then don't play around us
My niggas'll split your wig
Uh, uh, ya dig?
My crew like what it do
Air 1's on my toes in the club when I roll through

[Hook: Big Kriz Kaliko]

[Verse 2: Big Kriz Kaliko]
Now bigger straps than forces are shell-toed Adidas
Can tell who it is by the way we rob people
We headed to the club to see what we can snuff out
But first we head to the spot so we can get totally drilled out
There's no doubt that the boys from down south
Take a look at the kids they taking what I dream about, sex
Now what you think that I came here for?
To buy (?) for my Adidas? No!
(?)
(?)
In the (?) of the room on the flow, in them nice kicks
Drinking that lady pipe, don't say that you don't like this
I see you (?), so I'm knowing that ya liked it
Now hold up, I see some niggas gettin' (?)
Now all my niggas right here because we (?) more than doves
Hey, Killa K bring it out because I thought that it was all up
But at the end of the night it seems we gotta pop the trunk

[Hook: Big Kriz Kaliko][Intro: Big Krizz Kaliko]
Adidas 1's in da club
(Yea okay thug, what thug okay, okay)
Adidas 1's in da club
(Okay, okay thug what, what)

[Hook: Big Krizz Kaliko]
Adidas 1's in da club
Adidas 1's in da club
Who woulda thought I'd have to pop a trunk
Who woulda thought I'd have to pop a trunk
Adidas 1's in da club
Adidas 1's in da club
Who woulda thought I'd have to pop a trunk
Who woulda thought I'd have to pop a trunk

[Verse 1: Big KRIT]
Air Force 1's on my feet
I ride a Chevy (?) the freaks
Yo I can't stop stop cause my clique still with me
Life is twirl my rims is still spinning
Increase my goal and pop my collar
Bad bitches talking in the club with they Prada
Open my trunk with a lame if I gotta
Show em how quickly a comedy turn to drama
Blaze dead bull for saying shit outta line
Something like (?) a lame get outta time
(?) pop some pills to power up
Don't [?] I used to buy them shells when I (?)
I bust, boy you talkin' shit then don't play around us
My niggas'll split your wig
Uh, uh, ya dig?
My crew like what it do
Air 1's on my toes in the club when I roll through

[Hook: Big Kriz Kaliko]

[Verse 2: Big Kriz Kaliko]
Now bigger straps than forces are shell-toed Adidas
Can tell who it is by the way we rob people
We headed to the club to see what we can snuff out
But first we head to the spot so we can get totally drilled out
There's no doubt that the boys from down south
Take a look at the kids they taking what I dream about, sex
Now what you think that I came here for?
To buy (?) for my Adidas? No!
(?)
(?)
In the (?) of the room on the flow, in them nice kicks
Drinking that lady pipe, don't say that you don't like this
I see you (?), so I'm knowing that ya liked it
Now hold up, I see some niggas gettin' (?)
Now all my niggas right here because we (?) more than doves
Hey, Killa K bring it out because I thought that it was all up
But at the end of the night it seems we gotta pop the trunk

[Hook: Big Kriz Kaliko]

[Bridge: Big Kriz Kaliko]
Adidas 1's in the club
Adidas 1's, who woulda thought
Who-who, woulda thought I'd have to pop a trunk

[Hook: Big Kriz Kaliko][Intro: Krizz Kaliko]
Yeah, alright, so what I'm ‘bout to tell you, you might not like what you hear, this about your lady, your woman, your wife... I-I mean like... that ain’t your bitch

[Chorus: Tech N9ne & (Krizz Kaliko)]
See yo it was cool when I met her
The kind of chick who wanna do whatever
I think you better let her
Cause nigga that ain’t your bitch (That ain’t your bitch man)
Nah nigga that ain’t your bitch (Nah, nah, not at all)
And quick to use on your cheddar
I see your face getting redder and redder
‘Cause she's a doubleheader
So nigga that ain’t your bitch (That is not your bitch)
Nah nigga that ain’t your bitch, nah (She belongs to me, man)

[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
Playin’ wit’ love man fo’ sho’ you gon’ die
Now he know you up to something swellin’ up your eye
Looser than you used to be
Creepin’ he can prove when she, sleepin’ and she screamin’ "Kali Baby!"
Now how you know it's me?
How long you gonna live that lie to 'em
Everytime you feel me, feel guilty, run right home and cry to 'em
We old friends doin’ some catching up
Girl go home and patch it up
Watch out when he drop the bomb imma just catch it up (for real)
And then I make her repeat 3P
Texting when he’s next to her when she’s sleeping then he peep
Calling my phone and clicking out (Hello?)
He know there’s something suspicious and he wishes that he could figure out
The way I’m applying the pressure yes sir, when I undress a mess I, hair up, I never stress her
She love the keffa
Let it go ’cause she damn near gone
Next time your nose open put your [?] on

[Chorus]

[Bridge: Tech N9ne] x2
I know her, I know her, I know her
I know her, I know her, I know her
That ain’t your bitch, nah nigga that ain’t your bitch

[Outro: Krizz Kaliko]
That is not her, it’s not him, and it’s definitely not you. That ain’t your bitch man. You wonder why she acting funny, playing them pussy games, coming home late, kids ain't ate? And you still, eating that cold pizza in the morning man. It ain’t your bitch. Trust me, I know her(Cookin' Soul)

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
This ain't nothing like a nine to five
A superstar now, it's your life
Married to it like it's my wife
I gotta be Tech N9ne!

All day, all night (4X)

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
I wrote my life down from '85 to right now
And my style had a heap of people just like "Wow"
Schizophrenic, grim and venomous lyrics with a slight growl
I was destined to be Tech, to rip and excite crowds
So my pals think after I rip the mic down
It's lights out and right to the pillow of my right eye brow
But when I chow I stay up and write sounds
I like loud, I stay wake and create late like a night owl
Meeting deadlines, serious as fed time
They said I'm extremely different and I head mine
I wed﻿ rhymes, married to this game and my bread's fine
That's why I'm always rocking classic J's, the red kind
With that said I'm always up in y'all sights
Some think it's all wrong, being spotted it's all right
Thinking that I'm the no type is all hype
I ain't got a problem with being Tech all day and all night
For real

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
I write my flows and record them, I do my shows and we floor them
And so they go, let's reward them with merch and ticket sales
That's why my clothes I afford them, this love I know never short 'em
So why would I go and abort them and curse and give it hell?
They spot me at the movie, sippin', tryna press a newbie
Getting through these a hectic next to me singing my message to me
But I never get vexed the scroogie when I'm at the Ruby Tuesday
That's a doozie, follow me for autographs when I'm set to dookie
That's TMI, whether on the street or fly
With the need desire to be seated high and this heat is why
Even sometimes I be down and dark they all bright
Lifting me up, being Tech N9na all day and all night
Yeah

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Ey, they even find me up in Wal-Mart
And give me coochie coupons, sexy mamas be all heart
Even at the Mandalay Bay I'm off in the mall parked
Chicks looking for me, patrolling the area like Paul Blart
And it be the same when I'm with the chiefs to gain
People greet me, heat arraign, sleep, they need to meet the Strange
Cat cause he became the creature sent to eat the game
Speaking of eat the pizza came in the beast in frame of the pizza mayne
At the funeral, taking pictures, near urinals
Not only when I'm on tour, you know where I'm stepping, they're sure to show
And it's a blessing, even if I'm stressing I'm durable
And you're to know, to do this like Tech you have to endure to grow
Yo

[Hook]

(Bad Season)816 Boyz!
Ain't we sick boy?
Ridin ridin through the town do ya see me
Baby calm down, you gon get it, best believe me

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
All gas
No brakes
All ass
Gon shake

We gon do it, do it
We gon do it, do it
We gon do it, do it, do it

[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
I'm tryna get tore (so tore)
I don't remember
Same as day n cold (so cold)
Calling December
Wanna get at ya so I'm acting like I'm shy
Then I'll grab her arm when she try to walk by
(How you doing?)
Bought a couple of shots of Patrón
Hands all over me, won't leave me alone
(Green light!)
Now I think I might take her home
One more shot in the bottle
Gobble it and we gone (Hey!)
Now we in whip on the way
Told her I gotta blindfold her, you can't know where I stay
I was until, she the same way
She said "(I'm ready for you to kill it)"
I'm like okay! (Okay!)
Got it right there in car
Club around the corner
We don't have to go far
Gave it up easy, cause she know I'm a star
All gas no brakes, I ain't talking bout my car

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Kutt Calhoun]
I got her off Caribou Lou
You can guess what's next
If you didn't know that I'm the bunk rock king
Let's bet, that homie I'm bout to get it, get it
Straight to the mall and hit it, split it
She chose that dough and pull my trunks down and wants to find now
She's wit, wit it
I was all gas, no brakes
Kutty Cal gave her something
She prolly didn't want to take
So I told her, mama give it just a second
Then it prolly won't be so
Until I hit her with the flex again
And now she's screamin "MO'!"

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Give it up quick if you're with it
And pure wicked, your gonna get yourself a for sure ticket, to screw
Better let me cricket stick it
N9ne has got your bodily, fine is what you gotta be
'ginas were comradery, cuz I'm a hot commodity
I am such an animal, I am not a human being
I just want my antidote and ram it in a ho like it's screwed between
I don't give a damn if it is black or european
Pump that gas in her ass and she's for sure to cream

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Krizz Kaliko]
Yep baby got a nice face (Nice face)
Big booty and a tight waist (Tight waist)
(And if I tip her) she might shake
That booty up in my face

[Verse 5: Makzilla]
Makzilla is a getta, 816 I
10 minute mackas, I'm a one night hitta
And I'mma take her and not you, cuz she thicker
They both dick in mouth, so I bet I won't kiss her
Kali shut up, I know I'm moving too fast
But I love those thick chicks, wearin jeans is a task
Your body's so bangin, areolas, big ass
But ooh girl you pooted and I smell it all gas

[Hook][Intro: Tech N9ne]
Somebody should have told me
Life can treat you really coldly
A lot of love that people show me
But when they go I’m hella lonely

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
When the music and the show stops
Security keep my bus door locked
That way I’m not receiving no shots
MJ, our little bro dropped and that’s why they keep me so blocked
I’m in the star coach now
In the back by myself, I listen to our dope sounds
But...There was no women to round up
This hound just sleeps deeply, anticipatin' the next town’s luck
It’s glitz and glamour when you’re on stage
Happy ‘cause you and your homies paid
But a lot of my love ones up and gone away
Because I put my music first, for that it's lonely days

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
Oh, ain’t no phones ringing
Ain’t no one's speaking when you’re alone
Feels like there's no reason
For me to keep breathing if I’m gonna be alone
I can’t sleep alone and I can’t go eat alone
Yeah, the crowd gonna shout
But when the lights go out
You know, you know, you know
You know, you know, you know
You know, you know, you know
You know, you know
You know me being me
You wouldn’t think I’d be alone

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
Got off my tour July 7 my children
Kicked it with me up to the 24th, then they go home
Even though my home used to be their home
But due to separation and altercations with their mama’s it left me so alone
And when my girl visits, she got to leave
‘Cause she’s independent and has a need to make her own cheese
At night before sleeping I’m on knees
Alone, please, I don’t wanna have the lonelies on beat
My two family members that room with me
They zoom quickly to work and dip out of town, you would assume it'd be
Party, party every night a narly nudy show
But it’s hardly party when you’re starting in the studio
I can’t wait for the meet and greets, making fans
That’s why I be hella happy, hugging and shaking hands
When I perform I want everybody to know
I stretch the show ‘cause when it’s over everybody go

[Hook]

[Bridge: Eric Boone]
A storm cloud stalks me making what should be a sunny day
Shed tears of lonesome despair in the form of rain
I've devoted my life to rid you of your pain
For feelings of acceptance which reveal themselves feigned
Do not mind that, scream the voices in my brain
But if I stop giving, only I remain
Though I know not of misery
For I lack the company it needs to be entertained
But misery would be a nice change
This solitude drives me insane

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Yeah, I think it’s my fault, y’all, ‘cause I’m reclusive
And I’m thinking I lost brauds like Y! Exclusive
And I know that I might fall, ‘cause life is stupid
‘Cause cupid shoots it and I fight off but it might produce its
Love, whatever has it I run
People, pets and even movies that have it, I shun
Thinking back when I had a family, was glad I was some
I picture myself in the future, old mad, sad ‘cause I’m one

[Hook][Intro: Krizz Kaliko]
I am such an animal
I am not a human being

[Bridge One: Tech N9ne]
Back on Everready I told you I was a beast
Moon stricken but my boy big Krizz Kaliko
He is such an animal

[Hook: Krizz Kailko]
See I'm an animal
I'm just an animal
I'm such an animal
I'm just an animal

[Verse One: Krizz Kaliko]
Ice water in my veins, when I claim strange
Our slaughter ain't the same, I done seen thangs
It gets hotter in the flames, but I maintain
Why I bother to put a name to me, clang to me
It in tha mouth for me, then he just was
I needed to kick dust, any need the vent
I ain't buff for elephant, like tough
For eating you niggas up, you edible then
Cause I'm a wolf I'm a wolf about my relish
And if you jealous, fellas, tell us
Got them huevos, come and get us
I show my claws and they pause
I make a nigga wanna get up off me
Killin' em and it ain't softly
Don't psych up on em
Even if they whack up on a
N9na taught me (OKAY!)
Packing the magnum better back up off
I'm Really, I be causin' em agony when
I'm actin' like em...
Never stare at Medusa
See right through ya, Animal

[Bridge Two: Krizz Kaliko]
I am just an animal
I am not a human being
I am not an animal
I am just a human being
I am such an animal
I am not a human being
I am not an animal
I am just a human being

[Hook]

[Verse Two: Krizz Kaliko]
Kali soft tease a nice guy, I'll try
Never feed the animals read the signs, why die
You niggas beneath me, under me, hungry ill eat ya food
Seriously dude, church boy packin' now release the Kraken
(Hush or bust us)
Will give it to ya if you think you really need it
(Clutch are guns bust, OK!)
You lookin' like a meal, watch an animal eat it
I tell it let the witch by night fall
Like care bout and keep your rifle
Kali's a beast, unleashed break out your knees and bible
Give em a pain, a stain they can't wipe off
Cause I fight to the death I'll show ya
When I show my fangs its ova
Now feedin' em before he even outta the way
Cause I'm an animal, the baddest nigga on the mic
You niggas ever heard
Trust I kill for fun, kill for fun
Kali never needed a gun
When I'm in that  booth or I'm on that stage
When I'm out my cage

[Bridge Two]

[Hook]

[Outro: Tech N9ne]
The Animal!!! Kali Baby!!![Prologue]
There's certain situations that occur throughout your life, that gives you an attitude, you know, a really bad attitude, because you've been taught by good people how to treat people with respect and you learned right and wrong. So, when shit is always wrong around you and you a mothafucka that's been taught to do right, you have a certain attitude towards those kind of mothafuckers or towards those things that are wrong and not righteous. You start getting a fuckin' attitude that might piss other people off. But you don't give a fuck, because the things that they do or the unjust shit that they do, makes you anti as fuck -- anti everything, anti everything they're about -- cause it ain't good, anti everything they fuckin' breathe or eat or whatever the fuck. You're just against everything that ain't right, why I feel like I feel. I feel like fuck the mothafuckers. I'm anti all that bullshit that they on

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
(Shit shit shit shit, mic check 1, 2)
Download this on the down low bitch
I'mma amputate your fingers and the clown won't miss, nigga
Fuck everything that ain't righteous
Spotify the reason the music became lifeless
70% of a fraction of a penny is a game crisis
Make a nigga wanna blow up they headquarters and blame ISIS
I'm watching the riot from Michael Brown
And I see a crazy nigga yell let's burn this bitch down
Why niggas, you fuck up the O'Reilly's
The BBQ spot and then the beauty supply niggas?
Depreciating, for justice keep waiting
Cause you burned up everything except the police station
I'm anti stupid shit for ladies participating come and loot this dick
They been out and murdered Kendrick Johnson
And covered it up, watch my sin get Compton!
You hate me cause tough and freely's the tone
I ain't never shopped on Black Friday, nigga, leave me alone!

[Bridge: Tech N9ne]
I'm still smiling
While I'm crying

[Chorus: Band of Psychos]
Anti as fuck
Anti as fuck
Anti as fuck
Anti as fuck
I'm anti as fuck
Anti as fuck
Anti as fuuuck
Go!

[Verse 2:Krizz Kaliko]
Ahha! Listen!
COINTELPRO we livin' it out
Used to love turkey, devour Thanksgiving about
Jack your land from the Indians and murk 'em on it
Make it bigger, then get the niggers to come and walk upon it
Give 'em drugs and guns and excuses to never be
Better than a C-R-I-P or rep the letter B
Show you you can YouTube it and make fights
Vatican at it again, bangin' for they gay rights
And I'm supposed to follow YOU to the Promiseland?
I ain't got no insurance, leave it in Obama's hand!
At 19 I slapped the shit out a cop!
Now Ferguson had me murderin', burn down a donut shop!
You dumb niggas! Ooh, you'll be the only bum niggas
Get your ass out the street 'fore I shoot me more than one nigga
Bill Cosby? WHAT THE FUCK?
I was ridin' with you, till the 20th bitch got stuck
I guess the Jell-O Pudding Pop [?]
Mellow we couldn't stop
He would give 'em the Spanish Fly
But fuck it, so would I!

[Bridge + Chorus][Intro: Krizz Kaliko]
Who you really think is
Watchin' while you sleepin'?
Why won't you believe in me? Me
What you think is makin' mea anxious? Ain't just satan
We all should pray to God and be free
Free..

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko] (x2)
Anxiety! It freaks me out
It's drivin' me! It creeps me out
Inside of me! Can you peep me out?
I'm going, going! Gone, gone!

[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
When I'm alone in my room sometime I stare at the wall
In the back of my mind I hear my conscience call
Tellin' me I'll need a gun just in case of a brawl
I come block 'em, block 'em all, shoot 'em up 'till them fall
It's something really fucked up going on inside of me
Can't believe the hold he got on me, it gotta be
Temporary, cause the shit I feel is very scary
I think little pills is necessary
Cause I can't tell what I am anymore, an animal
An Amityville, be a man and take a stand and he will
(Do somethin' 'bout it!) Cause often I'm thinkin' bout offin' me
Yellin' to the coffin, but hell is gonna be costin' me
Cause of the crazy, crazy world, and this crazy girl
That I'm made this way, this way I'm gon' stay
In limbo, limbo now, hello, can you go?
Paranoid, sleepin' with my gun, now I think you know it's

[Hook]

[Bridge: Tech N9ne & Krizz Kaliko]
I feel like a fucking maniac in public
I feel like a fucking maniac in public
I feel like a fucking maniac in public
If you creep up in Krizz' house yo ass ain't gon' be walkin' out

[Intro]

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
Psycho, Michael
Schitzo, get yo fix
Too many hits'll make you slit your wrists
Chemically imbalanced, mentally challenged, it's sort of iffy
Something's really wrong with the son of your uncle Ippy
So who did this to me? If you got mo' to give then give it to me
This blue balloon is like a prison to me
Cause I can't sit with my back to the do' no mo'
Even in a minute in they place
But I'm packin' the five after the fo'
Feel I gotta lock a demon in his space
You can't wake me up without waking me up swinging, swinging
I'm livin' livin', my dreams are so vivid, what's the meaning?
This world ain't safe for my seed, ain't a place for my species
The heebies, the jeebies, is giving me

[Hook]

[Bridge][Intro: Tech N9ne]
A.S.S.H.O.L.E
The word is mainly used as a profanity towards someone the speaker does not like, whose behavior is hurtful, self-centered, or particularly abrasive

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
MC's come around me talkin' 'bout
"Your stage show is off the hook" as I'm walkin' out
As if to say my performance is why they gawkin'
Outside that I'd be lost in doubt the lyrics
That a nigga be tossin' out
You motherfuckers can't see Tech, I mean be Tech
And these rejects lyrically don't got no electricity
We that quick-ily eject when your shit inside the CD deck
We just put in the dope shit we rep
Then we jet I mean split like a V-neck
Nigga that's disrespectful, never test the next bro
When he up the air like Craig Smith, Tech and Nesto
Standin' next to Necro we blessed to let flow, get dough
Even though you know we gets the pest-o
Kali say that it's a compliment
When they say that they love the show, but I spit that monster shit
All you mediocre rap motherfuckers tryin' to spit
I'll murder yours ya I'm an asshole when its time to shit, nigga

[Hook: Tech N9ne]
You can label me a asshole
Cause I'm fast puttin' yo ass on blast, I'm a natural
Call me sphincter, Little Stinker
You ain't touchin' me in this arena (NOOOOO)
You can label me a Asshole
Cause I'm fast puttin yo ass on blast I'm a natural
Little dook shoot, don't make me toot-toot
You don't wanna make me have to shoot poops (NOOOOO)

[Verse 2: Big Scoob]
Let me at 'em, nigga line 'em up, I smell pussy
These niggas funny, nigga battle rappin' and steady wolfin'
They barely eatin', but believin' they can see me heathens
Or be my heathens, best believin' it's gonna end with squeezin'
I'm not a rap cat gives a fuck about your vicious flows
Big homie stay strap with the force so I got heat to blow
But I don't freestyle and waste rhymes like half of ya
I'm still spectacular It's just a different vernacular
I'm disrespectful Gives a fuck bout your hip hop
I'm tryin' to eat you niggas meat, I'm coming for your spot
Fresh off the block and I won't stop until I reach the top
I'm Killa City's B.I.G. I'm guessin' Nina's Pac
Damn right nigga quoted and unqoutable
Any problems we can solve them nigga let me know
We the new niggas Strange Music takin' over
And there ain't nare nigga safe, nigga even Hova

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko]
Asshole mio, I'm super sick and sodomize ya bride
My bad attitude will be my demise
Don't look me directly off in my eyes
I might get insecure bout what you starin' 'bout
Rip you fuckin' hair right out
Mr. Nice Guy I might seem when you meet me
But niggas might die if I'm deeming your speech beefy
Kiss him bye-bye if he ain't speedy to leave me
Had to nighty-nighty 'em cause a nigga seemed sleepy (What an asshole)
The world did it to me, staring at my face like it's playing a movie
Twist my lip off and my lip off, not polite time so that mean I'm soft?
You think I'm chicken I think your bitch is the dipping sauce
All I got is hard dick and bubble gum
Can't give ya neither one, you bitches is too troublesome
Yeah I'd like to sign my name on your poster
But don't slip me your demo it's gon' end up as a coaster
I'm an asshole

[Hook][Intro: Krizz Kaliko]
Hey!, Kali baby!

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
(She got a backpack!)
And a lunch pail too
Cheatin' when I'm sitting next to you
(She got a backpack)
And I got a ruler for her too
And I'm bout to take her back to school
(She got a backpack!)
And a lunch pail too
And milk could do her body good too
(She got a backpack)
And I got a ruler for her too
And I'm about to take her back to school
Like this!

[Verse 1:Krizz Kaliko]
I can tell she got that thing by the way that she walking
Love that ding-a-ling by the way that she talking
Baby got them goodies, think she wanna do me
She's a floozy, oozy wanna give it to me
She got a jack-in-the box, plus she a fox, might jump right off
If I get to toss, not gonna talk, lights come right of
She know I'm Kali baby maybe its unfair
I don't care, I just wanna lay in her hair
Give me than number one rhyme-y voo on the after set
I ain't seen one to stunt ya wonder if it's happened as of yet
Her bubble, gets me in trouble
You can call it 2 XXL, imma call it double (oh yeah!)
Her backpack two pack, eject some, she got me erect some
Now I just expect some
Your body's inviting me to a fight we'll both like
We'll end the night, in the right light if I spoke right
(Baby!)

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
(She got a backpack!)
And a lunch pail too
Cheatin' when I'm sitting next to you
(She got a backpack)
And I got a ruler for her too
And I'm bout to take her back to school
(She got a backpack!)
And a lunch pail too
And milk could do her body good too
(She got a backpack)
And I got a ruler for her too
And I'm about to take her back to school
Like this!

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
Her backpack full of school supplies
(Whoo!) Her thighs make me scoop her
Back end round like a tuba
Gotta trunk on her
Front keeps me wantin' her
Mad at her for that
Matta fact, I need to have it in the back
Attack it in the sack
Don't know how to act when around ya
She gimme that look like, I'm bout to clown ya
I hound ya, for a piece of that
Hows about a squeeze on that
I'm easy like Sunday morning
I'll give up my cheese for that
Thick Ms. Krizz is the pick for ya wishlist
Get bent, you'll get a pinch in the bidness
She make 'em all geek when they view that
I told you, she got a backpack
But you already knew that

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
(She got a backpack!)
And a lunch pail too
Cheatin' when I'm sitting next to you
(She got a backpack)
And I got a ruler for her too
And I'm bout to take her back to school
(She got a backpack!)
And a lunch pail too
And milk could do her body good too
(She got a backpack)
And I got a ruler for her too
And I'm about to take her back to school
Like this!

[Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko]
Baby just shake ya
Your money maker
Looked her up, and down and said
"Hmm, I'll take her"
Break out my wallet, pay for that whatchamacallit
That what'cha'ma call it
I knew she had a backpack from the front' fore I saw it
She's a stallion,got them boys hollerin'
Balers all of us, hope her and them girls come on and follow us
Them 816 Boyz, brand new Rat Pack
Lookin' for them girls
Packin' them backpacks

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
(She got a backpack!)
And a lunch pail too
Cheatin' when I'm sitting next to you
(She got a backpack)
And I got a ruler for her too
And I'm bout to take her back to school
(She got a backpack!)
And a lunch pail too
And milk could do her body good too
(She got a backpack)
And I got a ruler for her too
And I'm about to take her back to school
Like this![Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Everything was supposed to be all Jesus
Come ease us we really need to be free from evil deeds
Plus negros, hide in thee weeds waiting to see us
And we bust then they will bleed trying to seize us
Bad season, I'm ready to trip for that reason
How your beefin gonna last when your ass vegan?
I ask trees when cash is fast, and weed then gonna have cheese stacks
Then trash bags will have fees then
Yes sir that's why the milli is in thee dresser
For any motha f'er wanna test for Tech will get him wetter
Step into death your ex messing with a keffer
Never let your lover get put in less than a bed with a heffer
The mags breathing, these fags freezing cause cats teased him
And they passed on that evening
I flash B's, and sag my flags revving I blast heathins
If they had me in bad season

[Hook: Tonesha Sanders] (2X)
These things must mean bad seasons
And they must be for a reason

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
Hardly time for no hardey ha no laughter
Working them hard I can't leave no starving bastard
Pardon me if you see a star in me it startles me
And I ain't come to party but I'm always what inbottles me
I'm living for the chips for the extra, got too many deaths
And I'm trying to find the way out the selexta
Jokes folks telling me gotta to bless ya
I ain't trying to Busta Rhymes, difference is there calling me Besta
My season is devil people receiving me
They party to my words but I don't think the motherfuckers is believin' me
Half the time I think my eyes are deceiving me
Fat boy that boy o'er there keep there hands in the air
You can do me like a new kid (New kid)
Rocket 'til it's spurted (Spurted)
Articulate to prove it but motherfuckers is stupid (Okay)
Kali baby, and his thing never leaving
Running out of breathe cause I'm breathing the bad season (Bitch!)

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Nesto]
Ah! I think I'm out of my mind, they say I'm out of control
Tech let me go! This shit right here is a straight-jacket flow
It's nuts like pistachios, can't you tell? Lyrically I'm spraying shells
Wit my tongue, the devil's my son so I'm raisin hell
Yeah, yeah, say it twice, turn you to confetti with this machete
I'm like Freddy, you'll die dreaming like Reggie White
Oh, oh, you in town? People shook when you around
Cut, they know the owner's well connected like unibrows
Big, big, bad wolf, yeah, I came and blew it down (Pff)
This is my newest style, oh, yeah? I'm a mess
Y'all know, everyone got hard flows
Where they at? Cause I can never find them like Waldo
Click, click, blaow! At your stomach feel the pow!
Have you rollin' on the ground, bleeding pleading screaming OOOW!
Rest in peace, this a sad evenin'
Tech, Krizz and Nes will show you a bad season

[Hook](Bang out)

[Intro: Tech N9ne]
Now they wanna come with a nigga
Get to the pinnacle, get some with a nigga
Get done, get gun, get sprung with a nigga
Re-evaluate your fate, if you want monogamy then skate
Gotta let everybody get a taste and if you wanna date
They gotta wait for Mister...

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
...Yates!
I'mma put this bass this place all up in your face
Picture me painting pretty pussy with a pen and pad
And picking a pair of provocative peaches to press to the pace
Let's get this straight, I am the maker of emotion on my planet
You will be blessed at the gate, complex when the mate
Is one that could have any woman breathing
So you might end up with a chest full of hate, left to debate
If women would just ride, she feeling my love vibe
I'm feeling her cup size, she willing to plug guys
I'm giver her bug eyes from my dick in her thighs
She thinking it was lies
When her name changed from baby to Sherlock Holmes
When you want to shit and she go through your phone
To see if there's pictures of bitches with no clothes on
Now she pissed at the photos, looking like a ho show
Thinking every one of them are gonna get the pogo
Or prolly done had it, she highly combative
But no-no, shining the light on me with cheater up on the go bro
When we first started out you knew we was on the low-low
Now you feeling Bozo, peeping through my property like you loco
Thinking I'm sticking them and slanging more meat than Fogo

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko] (2X)
Now I can paint a beautiful picture
But you won't want to look into it
I can make beautiful music with ya
But you won't want to listen to it

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
It's just me and you, better yet it's me and crew
Cause I never can be free and do
What a normal nigga can manage to be when two
People go out with no doubt to show out
They beautiful couple but when I go out they pour out
And triples and doubles, then out of your mouth to blow out
Cause you had enough of the bitches seizing who?
You saw the beautiful picture at the beginning
With Mr. Tech in your vision having sex in the kitchen
And press in the living room, sex and no less or you're bitchin'
Without extra conditions me getting left is the mission
Cause I can't get right, ain't this night
Ain't no possible way that I can paint this bright
When the brain is night, mayne it's quite
Difficult to be with Tech, ain't a dame this tight
Or is it? You gotta live it to give it
I'm giving you me, if you wanna quit it, I dig it
Cause I get a pussy pass every minute, but then it
A fight cause you thinkin' I'm all up in it, we finished
Now we diminished, I get it
See the obstacle then you really admit it
Without knowing I ever did it you split it
I was real and don't you ever forget it
You bit-itch!

[Hook] (2X)

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Baby, this is something that you never knew
Instead of me, you being with a regular nigga might be a better view
I know I got a lot of cheddar, true
But a nigga with hella time in your bed is who?
You should be putting way up on a pedestal
You being super happy with him instead of blue
But you wanna see shit that you never seen
My dick is feeling like you taking methamphetamine
That's why when I'm calling your phone you never let it ring
Even when he's sitting next to you I bet it sting
You wanna ride it your hide is divided
By my two thumbs, I murder it when I get inside it
Hit it till you get it, then get the itis ignited
When you tripping, you can't fly with the pilot?
I can paint you a beautiful picture
But I think it's better when you got a dude with you
Sitting at home, but then you got a true fixture
You fucking perform because he got it through scripture
I'm a compatible nigga to every woman with incredible figures
Tattoo my dick on him, is that a new stigma?
If you say that then music I ain't gotta do with ya

[Hook] (2X)[Intro: Tech N9ne]
But the cattle had no idea when entering the slaughterhouse
That they would never return, so they went while the other's watch
In the distance listening to the slaughtering of there own
So fear and stress sets in as the other groups approached
The slaughter House led by the farmer
See, the farmer knew that the cattle Had something valuable
Something he wanted, so he attacked
And the result of the attack was (Beef, beef)
B-E-E-F, bitter emotions envy and fear
Beef, ain't nobody got no real beef with me, nigga what?
Every time a motherfucker come along and do something
It's always another motherfucker that wanna come along and stop his ass
Ain't nothin' strong enough to stop fuckin' Tech N9ne, nigga
Ain't nothin'! Ain't nobody got no motherfuckin' beef with me, nigga fuck you!

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
(Better watch your language!)
Niggas jealous when the women feel us (We famous)
Gettin' with us, ain't an option haters
Send the killers, bring 'em (Straight angus)
Grade A (Hater!) hatin' niggas that (Change up)
You don't wanna get (Banged up)
Fucking around with them (Strangers)
It better be about money ('Bout money) and it bet' not be no bitch
Better go fish, I don't wanna hear all the lip
And if he trippin' hit 'em with the four-fifth
Wanna take it there and it's so sad
Thinkin' he packin' a pair of the gonads
What you got a little beef with me?
Well I got a big fat meat loaf for your ass
Bow down haters, turn around, niggas
Go and clown if you like the way it sound - beef killers
Wait a minute, nigga, why you lookin' at me
Like a motherfuckin' bald head, when I got a head full of hair
Eyeballs red with a stare, put a nigga dead in the air
Fuckin' a family believe it I'll take it there
Stuck in a wheelchair never gonna take
Another step again, a weapon and the specimen
I left him in a mess and then I gotta
Give my nigga the metal medicine and holler
I ain't never gotta wipe my tears
Never need a gang when I fight my fears
It stops right there and continues right here

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko] (2X)
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
Cause if it's on then it's on, if you want it then come on
If you want beef, it's right here, here, yeah, yeah
If you want it come on, nigga just say what you want

[Verse 2: Kaliko]
See, ever since the beef I've been havin' these dreams
Of killin' ya triple beams is spillin' your blood
Out your umbilical, I, I never been the killin' type
But gimme the gun and I might just pull it tonight
I'm willin' to fight, if you got a nine milli got another
Nine millimeter that'll get you like BLOW!
Why you talkin' loud now?
Thought that when you was facing me that I
Would gracefully bow out now
Can get grim on this nigga (Yeah!)
Catch him comin' out the Peach Tree and
Stomp my Tims on this nigga (Yeah!)
That shit that you talkin' ain't nothin' but Gum bumpin'
Bumpin' the gun pumpin'
Mostly you niggas don't want nothin', nah
Me and my people, we done frontin'
In fact, if we take it from wax to the
Streets you done done it
Want beef nigga? Better say that shit
Cause from around here, nigga, we don't play that shit
Don't let part of your speech make you lose part of your teeth
Cause you ain't hardly hard to me if you want beef from me

[Hook] (2X)

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Beef is when a nigga run around town talkin'
About you owe him a hundred g's
Beef is when a nigga tell somebody
He wanna get you when you hear about It overseas
Beef is a nigga that's sinful
Draw a wicked plan out with a stencil
Tell your homeboys falsified info
And that's so he can turn them all against you
Hatin' on you, the bitches and niggas sayin' you wack
When everything you got workin' is play in the back
Go back to crack, go back to sprayin' the gat
Cause your bullshit rap don't stay on the rack
7th Heaven gonna have to put the shit on auction
Cause the shit ain't poppin', nigga knew it was shockin'
When you was sellin' CD's out of the trunk in Joplin
And I was on tour fuckin' bitches in Oakland
Regime Life nigga, fuck everybody else
Deuce Click Deuce Click damage your body health
Sayin' nobody feel me, well nobody feel you
Police tryin' to tell me how to kill you
When you feel you really wanna jump in the mildew
Ain't no tellin' what niggas with kids will do
Travis O'Guin you know he got bills too
We ain't the ones trippin' nigga it's still you
Never thought I would see the day That I would be speakin'
About a nigga that I called my bro man
But then a nigga really got to thinkin'
I gave 'em 25 Thou of mine, Q gave 'em 50 for no damn reason
So the pub I gave you for 25, 100 G's I say we even

[Hook] (2X)[Intro: Krizz Kaliko]
In the world, there's a lot of lonely girls
Who am I to deny 'em? So I think I'll try 'em
And some of these girlies is cuties too
And some of these cuties look just like you
But there's some I do and some I don't
If I have me a few, she's what I want
And my eyes can't see what's wrong
I take another couple shots and we gone

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
Beer goggles got me getting at her
Maybe it's the liquor that made me get at her
If I have one more cup
I'mma try to come see what's up (What's up?) (Alright!)
Beer goggles got me getting at her
Maybe it's the liquor that made me get at her
If I take one more sip
Baby, guess who you're goin' with (Kali Baby!)

[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
Ooh, ugly, yeah, she's lookin' ugly
Before you take a drink
Pop that bubbly, she'll be lookin' lovely
'Fore you can even blink
Sprite, lemon, and a couple women
Add a little Hennessey
You might not be the right one
But tonight, baby, you can pretend to be

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Oobergeek]
Slizzur, slizzur, must been a mix-up, mix-up
How did we get twisted? Shit, last night you was cold as blizzard, blizzard
Not as cold as my shoulder, woke up and looked over, whoa!
Um, the cold rum mixed with Coke somehow set me up with a fe-fi-fo-fum
The beer goggles turned you into a fierce model
From a deer with no eyes, I-have-no-idea model, tears
What have I done? What if in 9 months...
I can't think that into existence, I'mma leave here and never mention... anything

[Hook]Y'all done did it this time (Aha)
I ain't lettin that ride (ride)
(Yeah) Y'all done did it this time
Better not let me go outside

[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
Say somethin' say it again, I dare ya!
I got somethin' that'll do a little more than scare ya
They say wear a raincoat or we might get wet
Well I ain't met a motha (HEH) who can do that yet!
Talkin that jibbity jabba bout to put some hot ones through us
Do somethin' to us, talk go through us
Your girlie wanna do us, the Snake and the Bat cats
She off some of that fluid, just for shakin that back fat
We come in peace, but you know we got our pieces
Can be the beast, takin out all 32 teeth is
Cuz church folks got limits to that limits you to minuscule
Words you can use to make criminals diminish you
Finish you and your women too, wet you like a swimmin poo'
That 80's baby face got 44's and turned to 88's
But keep em in my holster I'm supposed to be the nice guy
Don't do me like that, keep on poppin off then I'll be right back

[Hook]
Keep on disrespectin' me homie
And I'll be right back, I'll be, I'll be right back, I-I'll be right back
You done said somethin' slick to me?
And I'll be right back, I'll be, I'll be right back, I-I'll be right back
Back up, Back up give me room boy
And I'll be right back, I'll be, I'll be right back, I-I'll be right back
Told me, told me bust a move well
And I'll be right back, I'll be, I'll be right back, I-I'll be right back

[Verse 2: Big Scoob]
These slick talkin' disrespectful bad mouthing the gods
It's lil buddy thinkin gully I'mma give him his chop
Knock his hinges with the vengeance; so precise with the heat
Like Adam Jones from on the throne; I send my dogs to the streets
Young thundas wit' no blunders, make the hit then they wonder
Roguish villains made a killin? That's the question they ponder
Old head street villain with the tricks of the trade
I'f I'm Sicily my history a nigga be made
Well paid, legendary from my time in the field
I call the plays, I'm quarterbackin, I'm a boss in the Ville
Send em seein', chasin cream, movin dolo for green
Not what it seems? Call the team, have you blitzed like a fiend
Paparazzi's flashin choppies hundred pictures wit' papi
While I never left the party slammin liquor wit' mommy
Leave my message with this reference; I ain't givin' no slack
Slick talkin', disrespectful boy them dogs'll be back

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
YATES!
Why you yellin' on my phone like you major
Actin like you killin' your witness somebody paid ya'
If you really want N9na in ya spot then I can aid ya'
I'll be right back on tour then me and my rellies invade ya'
Nigga I got riders in Fresno, never scared to let lead go
Your message was womanish betta yet it sounded real lesbo
Like a gay woman you trip cuz anotha bitch said so
Just tell the truth you trippin' cuz I'm reppin that red though
But don't be actin like you don' know C-Bo is my family
And you claimin' West Coast Mafia soundin' real Ghandi
C-Bo don't be runnin' wit niggas feelin' dandy in panties
Instead of a man these pansies hand me a shanty
Stop callin' me from a private number violent gunner
In a silent slumber, die and it wonders, rise at thunder
Is it because ya chick gave me a night cap and you don't like that?
Well don't worry homie my tour is comin I'll be right back

[Hook](Mom) Christopher its time for bed
(Kid) Ahhh mom I dont want to go to bed
(Mom) Come on
(Kid) Ok will you read me a bed time story please please
(Mom) Ok you get to bed and Ill get the story book
(Mom) You all tucked in
(Kid) Yea

[Verse 1]
Here's the story
About a little boy who wasn't so bad
Smilin' but he feelin so sad
As a young lad he lost his dad
Momma didn't have much
But thankful for the things she had
Mom and sister was the parent and system
Tucked him in his bed at night (goodnight)
Then on his head she kissed him
The lights go out
Thats when it started yeah
Little Christopher became very scared
So then in his closet
Things began to move back and forth
That of course all in his head
Dont eat no sugar for bed
Whats the meaning
Waking up from a dream screaming
All the while singing that

[Hook]
I got an upside down
Smile and I
Got to wipe my frown
Dry my eyes
Kids this is how it is when you're older
Wake up and you're bipolar
An upside down
Smile and I
Got to wipe my frown
Dry my eyes
Kids this is how it is when you're older
Wake up and you're bipolar

[Verse 2]
Before he became a man
He almost lost his fam
Since his momma
Get in the school bathroom vomiting
Shakin up mood swings
Cool swings
From wakin up
Dude seems cool
But really breakin up
People go in and out of his life
He missed out on his wife
So he decides to go and grab a knife
And take himself to the other side of the sun
Cause if he stays here then more pain'll just come
Take him away from this
Cause he couldn't escape from this
Hed even pay to make this his last day
Then a ray from the sky (sky) shined on him
And god (god) smiled on him
Now the whole (whole) world gets to hear him sing that

[Hook]

Pull yourself up out it
Even if you doubt it
You can live without it
Just forget about it
I know you tried to drown you
Tried to get up out it
Head to the sky and shout it

[Hook][Intro: Tech N9ne]
And I was told in school I was a fool
And money, I'd never gain none
But I used my flow as a tool, they was cruel
Said I'd be no rapper
But I did work and became one
Now it's a cryin' shame, I'm buyin' thangs
And they got debts they got to pay back
I think I know why my teachers would look
In my eye and say that and why's that?

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
Cause I'm a Blackboy
Came from nothin', don't mean my life means nothin'
Made it out the game through the pain and sufferin'
Y'all don't think I see them purses y'all clutchin', I do
See I'm a Blackboy
Scared when you see me, frauds disappear like a genie
Little white boys want to be me
But you don't want to go through What I go through
True definition of a Blackboy

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
It must be the way that my pants sag
Or the sparklin' diamonds on the watch my left hand has
I know my appearance is lookin' like I am bad
In your department store all I wanna do is pop a damn tag
Made it honest, that's why the blacks get mad at you
Even foreigners shop and got big gratitude
I make more than you, but you got this attitude
Like I can't be shoppin' at Saks Fifth Avenue
I'm just tryin' to buy my baby some creed spring flower
But they don't know that the Tecca Nina cheese means power
So they look at me like none of my breed brings valor
Thats why when you see us in passin' we seem sour
Last time I checked, my power chakras
I was on top of the indie charts and not a slotera
But I'm the author of darkness and I like the opera
So why when I'm at Macbeth they won't treat me more propera

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Brother J]
Frontline, shoot, soldiers represent that
Frontline, shoot, Grand Verb, it's the snatch back
Head wrapped in the desert, boombox on the camel back
Escape from the clone lab, fugitives spook black
With finesse in you, its the knowledge from way back
The prophet of the page don't eat right 'til it all cracks
Blackboy rappin' from the pages torn
Street scriptures more classic than the Jimmy Crack Corn
A spawn of the movement, keep the music movement
So my purpose stays clear and my music stays groovin'
I do it for the real, I don't need Jena Six
For me to know America is still on that bullshit
So people think that black are just ball players and singers
That massa complex is what fuels the street bangers
And street soldiers to stand up, no choice to get it right
So these Blackboys can finally get they man up

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ice Cube]
I'm a Blackboy and always gettin' underestimated
But when I move next door, I know you hate it
You had my whole family investigated
And when they didn't find no crack, you said I ate it
Uh-uh, a motherfucker just elevated
Over ghetto life that was designated
You see this Blackboy, you know heaven made it
I don't want to go if I got to integrate it
You know pellet boy, be happy you made it
Just take what you got and stop complainin'
Ok, weather man will stop the rainin'
On my people head, and start explainin'
What your people said, believe in the Bible
But you still act barbaric and psycho
My name is Ice Cube, bitch, it ain't Michael
I'll never bleach my own skin just to be like you

[Hook]