[Intro]
Oh my god Based God!
You could fuck my bitch, Based God!
You swag to the maximum
Swag 100 thousand, 100 trillion! Oh god damn Based God!

[Hook]
Hopped up in my car (swag!) then I drop my roof
Wet like wonton soup. That's just how I do (swag!)
Then I park my car, then I fuck your bitch
Eat that wonton soup, wet like wonton soup

[Verse 1]
Eat the cake like Anna Mae
Young Based God and I been doin my thing
Take my shirt off and the girls go insane
Four diamond rings, two big-ass chains
Eat that wonton soup I got the cash like chang chang chang
Bitches suck my dick because I cum like 36 ways
AK-47 leave that bitch with no fucking name
Call my main bitch and she stay giving me brain
Put that bitch to shame, violate that brain
Young Based God dope my bitch like I'm cocaine
Bitches snort my ring, that crackpipe like my chain
Found a dope man, I ride that bitch like Ace of Spades
Ho don't play that game!
I'm rapping not for the fame
I almost went to jail for like 500 days!
Bitch don't give no fuck, that's why I fuck her in the face
Fuck you suckers' heads then I ask her what's her name
Based God, man

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Suckers stay talking on them Internet comments
Mad cause I'm most wanted like Osama
Please bitch, you haters don't got no felonies
Young BasedGod flex 10 armed robberies
Young BasedGod been breaking and entering
Young BasedGod ride hot when you bought it
30 on my dick on that court like Spalding
Bitches suck my dick because I look like JK Rowling
Harry Pot my bitch, I fuck my ho, her brain is awesome
Fuck my damn ring, bitch I'm paying what it's costing
Jewelry is awesome, BasedGod is gorgeous
Going down to Georgia to fuck my big bitch
Mane fuck her cause she gorgeous
Young Based God stay posted in the fortress
Fuck my main bitch then I dump her in the forest
You niggas know I got money, bitch
100 thousand
Based God, nigga

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Damn I look good, so I'm running for the mayor
Young Based God got hoes in different flavors
You know I'm fucking two and I ran like Jason Taylor
Hoes on my dick cause I look like Frasier
And Andy Milonakis. Bitch, I'm Johnny Cochran
Smooth with that chopper, I'm gone like my father
Ho suck my dick cause I took her to the opera
Bitch suck my nuts cause I wear nice watches
I'm looking like an Ostrich, black like I'm gothic
Hoes suck my dick cause I laugh when they shopping
Young Based God gives a fuck about your problems
Label left me dead and they gave me no options
Fuck you rap niggas cause you scared of your damn self
Bitch suck my dick cause it's good for her damn health
Young Based God kill a bitch with my ring
Young Based God got the world insane, Based World

[Hook][Produced by Cool & Dre]

[Intro]
Aye, man, I'mma tell you something, man:
Aye, man, Kevin Durant, man, I'm tryna see you on that court asap, man!
You say you gonna play me in a game, man?
I ain't never seen you play a damn!

[Hook]
Fuck Kevin Durant
Fuck Kevin Durant
Fuck Kevin Durant
Fuck Kevin Durant

[Verse]
Bitch I'm Lil B, bitch I'm Lil B
Hoop Life mixtape, you gon' know that it's me
Still on the court and I'm still holding court
Ban me from the game cause you niggas on my dick
I'm a short nigga with a tall ass bitch
Might layup but I'll dunk on a bitch
Shoutout to the WNBA, you got some fine ass girls I wanna fuck in the mouth
Hoop Life mixtape I'mma try it out
I'm at try-outs, tryna' make a route
Fuck all you haters I'mma hop em' out
3 point on a bitch like Dirk Nowitzki
Up in the club like Dirk Nowitzki
See me on the court if you wanna diss me
Lets play a game of 21, its really fun
I got half court shots and I'll post you up
I'm Latrell Sprewell, I'll choke the coach
Street niggas like me either rich or broke
Gotta hustle hard that's all I know
Hoop life bitch that's all I know
Sports lifestyle with a gorgeous flow
With my contract imma buy a ho
Beverly Hills imma buy a home
Fuck KD that's how it go

[Bridge] x2
You said that I'm whack, see me on the court
Score on me if you talking bout points
I like Roc Nation and I love JAY Z
But I'm west side I'm screaming fuck KD, bitch

[Hook]
Fuck Kevin Durant
Fuck Kevin Durant
Fuck Kevin Durant
Fuck Kevin Durant

[Interlude]
I've played the game of basketball my whole goddamn life
I ain't never watched you on the motherfucking T.V
I'mma tell you something man, aye man
See me in a game of 21 and i'mma shut the fuck up man
I'm on you nigga, you know what I'm saying?
Aye man tell em something like this man, tell em' about motherfucking Lil B
Tell em' about me Hoop Life mixtape, bitch!

[Bridge] x2
You said that I'm whack, see me on the court
Score on me if you talking bout points
I like Roc Nation and I love JAY Z
But I'm west side I'm screaming fuck KD, bitch

[Hook]
Fuck Kevin Durant
Fuck Kevin Durant
Fuck Kevin Durant
Fuck Kevin Durant[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I got a whole lotta money, pop that pussy for me
My homie got that yopper, he'll bang it at a copper
Ay, gangsta party, gangsta party, gangsta party!
Stove on my waist, cook your ass up, gourmet
All-black .44, do you want foreplay?
I'm going at your face like Oil of Olay
No champagne, but you know my flag Rose
Swagger on steroids: Canseco, Jose
No Limit Records: We so 'bout it 'bout it
I'm higher than a bitch, feel like I climbed a fucking mountain
Illest nigga you know, my accountant's still counting
Shot hit him a minute ago but his body's still bouncing
Beam on the hammer, beam on your forehead
Gotta kill the witnesses cause Birdman car red
Hollygrove Monster, Eagle Street creature
Come to your funeral, kill everybody but the preacher
I live in Miami, nigga, I'll South Beach ya
Robin Leach, uh, that's how we ballin'
You know that I'm loaded, but please don't think its sweeter
Beat one of you bitch niggas up like John Cena
Them hoes on Young Money, tell them hoes we coming
Boy, we get it popping, we ain't saving hoes, we swapping
Yeah, gangsta party, gangsta party, gangsta party!
Big head Desert Eagle, call it "shotty"
How'd you get that money? Stunna taught me that
That Xan took me under, patron brought me back
I'm leaning on you muthafuckers like I caught a flat
And that Glock snap back like an old Starter hat
What the lick read? I'm in the big league
I'm a breath of fresh air "Let the bitch breathe!"
I'm trying to chillax but I had to do it, dev
I'm at the funeral like "I had to do it, rev!"
Mack you my big brother, I split a wig for you
Put that on their repeat until they bury me
Moment of clarity: yeah, that's my diamond game
I keep a fine bitch cause I like the finer things
Fuck with me slime
No brain on the whip, I've got nothing in mind
Carter 4, they ain't fucking with mine
I drop that Sorry 4 the Wait to make up for the time

[Verse 2: Lil B]
Yeah I do my thang, bitch what's up?
Young Based God, came in with the ballers
Iced out chain, bitch, I'm rich off that same shit
Sixty-five hoes on my dick, bitch, it's Christmas
Straight Westside, Bay Area bitch, I'll grave em
Pretty boy shit, Based God finna hang em
Armed like a cradle and you niggas can't stop me
Shouts out to Mack Maine getting rich and cocky
Bitch it's still West side, shouts out to Weezy
Young Based God with that 55 heater
187 bitch, I pull a 2-11 bitch
With that tiny shirt mane and the tiny pants mane
I'm on Based World and I fuck with, Cash Money niggas
Don't understand, Maine, they gang like a chain
Woo woo! Swag, bitch, Brang-dang-dang-dang
Off the top, I'm a Wolfpack hitter
Man, my life just a painting and I paint you a picture, mane
Think about it: a young paid-ass nigga
This that stuntin' music; bitch, I just do's it
It's Lil B and I'll muthafuckin prove it[Intro : Lil B]
Woo!
Yeah, uh, Based God nigga
Fuck you niggas bruh, uh, yeah

[Verse 1 : Lil B]
Young Based God came straight for the bitches
Mac-10 lay em' on the floor like a mattress
Young Based God in Olympics
Stay fuckin' bitches
Got the chop 6 wit' extensions
Hoes on my dick cause I look like Matlock
Bitch kiss my radio, yo' baby daddy is a mascot
Hoes on my dick, cause i'm white like Asher Roth
Bitches on my dick, cause my rims chop like applesauce
Fuck what it's costin', flossin', bossin'
6 pinky rings and yo bitch wanna toss em
Ridin' wit' no mask on, dat pussy take dat hanky pank
Boy talk dat fye den i'mma hit em' with the laser
Gran Turismo ho she suck my dick then I raced her
10 karats on my ring I got dat folk wit da plater
Hoes suck my dick cuz I'm finna' be a baber
Ya bitch kiss my ass n' I ain't fuckin' wit' dem' haters
BASED GOD

[Hook : Lil B](x2)
Suck my dick ho
You don't wanna try me
Get ya' ass robbed fuckin' with this pretty bitch
Hoes on my dick
Westside bitch
Suck my fuckin' dick bitch I'm rich like a trick

[Verse 2 : Lil B]
Bitch, I look like Ben and Jerry
Chain like canary
5 on my ho she suck my dick cause i'm ready
20 on my dick and I might just be in petty
That 4-5 caliber make you look like Fran Drescher
Sex wit yo bitches, head game so cozy
Yo bitch look nasty, she look like James Posey
Suck my main bitch wit' the Glock 9 in 10k
10 on my dick and my girlfriend persian
Bitch suck my dick cause I look like a surgeon
10 on my dick they kiss my ass on purpose
Told my main bitch that she worthless, spanked her
Ask my main bitch if she hungry, spanked her
Flexin' 10 bars and I ain't talkin bout a razor
Yo bitch is on my hip, and I ain't talkin bout dat pager
Yo bitch suck my dick cuz I look like Darth Vader
I hold supreme court, I elected dat bitch cause i'm the mayor[Intro: Lil B]
Mmm mmm mmm mmm
Ooh wee ooh! Coochie!
Hey bitch, this is a based freestyle
I ain't gonna lie to none of y'all pussy ass suckers, or none of y'all bitches, bruh
I'mma eat the whole ass, bruh
Eat it! Eat it! Eat! (SCRUMPTIOUS!)
Eat her!
All the girls comin over
Eat her! Tasty! Eat her!
Mmm!!

[Verse 1]
Ima eat her ass!
Damn you, -- MMM! Damn this cash
50 gon' (DAMN BITCH YOU THICK!)(TASTY!)
Young Based God came in in a flash!
Knock the ho down boy you know I'm eatin the ass (You so thick!)
Eat the whole pussy (DAMN!)
Ask me: would he?
Bitch yes I would
Still eating the -- UGHHHH!
Strap the ho up to the wall and eat her ass (DAMN!)
Ya look so good (Based God!)
Ya look so good (Swag!
Damn I'm big (MMMM!)
All them hoes know me
Damn bitch you look so good where you going?
I'm eating the whole -- about four in the morning
Bitch turn -- OH YOU DO TURN OVER! PUT YOUR BOOTY IN THE AIR!
Ass look so good ima eat that booty
Ass on my face today, I look like Mooney
Call me Paul Mooney
50 wouldn't sue me
Fuck what you heard, bitch, I'm still eating the coochie (Coochie!)
Eat the whole booty
Lick her ass for coochie
Lick the whole ass you know what it do-ey
Put my dick on dookie
Get in her booty
Young Based God I had that bitch going kooky
Niggas fuck wit me
Hoes fuck wit me (Uh-huh!)
Pretty boy nigga eating pussy like it's shrimpy
Young Based God I came in with that .50
100 million dollars, them hoes wanna get with me

[Hook x3]
I'mma eat her ass (MMMM!)
50 in the cash (DAMN!)
Bitch in the stash(You gutta! You gutta!)
Ho, haul ass! (MHMM!)
(Throw your G's on the ass!)

[Verse 2]
Call me Young Sire
Flipped her like Nile
BASED GOD!
You're going down the river, but I'm gonna eat your booty!
Bitches know Woody
Bitches call me Woody
It's a Toy Story (cowboy!) bitch you know I'm in the cages
Bitch you know I'm racist, I only like the dookie (dookie! BLACK!)
Fucking with Woody
Ima knock the bitch down
The bitch gave me something ima hit her with that AK
Fucking with them young hoes, bitches know what it do, bro
Fucking with BasedGod, ima eat her booty
Every bitch know, bitch, motherfucking sue me
Lick the bitch's coochie
Turn into a berry
Fuck her whole ass then I call the girl Kerry
Niggas know about me, I still eat her booty
5,100 they, you know..MHHMM

[Interlude]
The booty tastes so good! (TASTY!)
The booty taste so nutritious! (YUMMY!) (SCRUMPTIOUS)!
The booty's so nutritious! (SCRUMPTIOUS!) (YUMMY)
Based Freestyle, bitch!
BasedGod!

[Verse 3]
Booty
50 and sue me
She look so good (Girl, lift that ass up! Go girl!)
I'mma eat her (DAMN!)
I'mma eat her booty
I'mma eat the booty
Bitch, you can sue me
Fifty-grand show, I'mma tell you what it do-ey
Thirty thousand dollars I'mma pay for the pussy
Pay for the head game and then I ate the booty

[Outro]
(Booty)(x6)
Yes
This all for my, uh, you know, this for the lesbians that be eatin' ass. Straight up, you feel me? For them, uh, females, you know what it do. You -- mmm[Intro]
6 Kiss bitch
I'm that pretty bitch
All y'all motherfuckers in that rap game y'all don't know nothing about me nigga
Pretty bitch, bitch
Lil B Based God nigga

[Hook x2]
You're tripping bitch
I'm iced out
Iced up bitch with your girl on my dick
Loud pack nigga with your girl on my tip
Damn Based God, I'm a pretty bitch

[Verse 1]
Pretty bitch when you see my main ho
Man his name's Lil B, nickname Based God
And he’s fucking all these bitches he a young-ass ho
Big dick ask shawty, boy I’m black as you all know
Man I'm trapping in the pussy, ratchet in the pussy
Maxing in the pussy, fucking bad bitches
Twerking bad bitches, working bad bitches
Nicki Minaj, I'm the finest bitch out, you feel me? (WOO)
ASAP bitch suck my motherfucking dick
Twamp sac nigga and I'm coming for your chick
Every girl I fuck suck my motherfucking dick
Cause I'm the pretty bitch man it is what it is
Word around town is I'm finer than my bitch
I'm the president, with bitches in my office
Head in the morning by a young ass bitch
I'm a fucking goon turned to a pretty bitch
Went to the mall with my dyking-ass bitch
She a faggot bitch and she still sucked my dick
Yeah the nigga rap but, do he got bitches?
Young Based Lord and I look like Jesus

[Hook x2]
You're tripping bitch
I'm iced out
Iced up bitch with your girl on my dick
Loud pack nigga with your girl on my tip
Damn Based God, I'm a pretty bitch

[Verse 2]
God damn, I fucked a bitch 1 time
2 time, 3 times, 4 times, bed time
Bitch I'm Based God give a fuck who you are ho
Won't suck my dick? That's a first, you're a faggot
All the bad bitches say my dick just like magic
Girls made me cocky, I let the bitch have it
I never take the pussy cause the girls love to flex it
Met the bitch down in a slab in Texas
Twerk something, I'm rich like a bitch
Ice like snow see my face, ain't I pretty?
Blue-eyed bitch on my dick cause I'm pretty
Young Based God hitting bitches with the semi
Pretty boy clique, rich young nigga
Soaking all this game, iced out ring
Fucking two girls while they screaming my name
Fucking hoes heads cause I got a big chain
Pretty bitch claim, your bitch still sucking
Three cell phones cause the bitch know it's nothing
Four diamond rings give your girl a concussion
Had a threesome cause the bitches want to fuck me
Ain't no secret that I'm a pretty bitch
Young Based God with that bigass dick
I'm repping 6 Kiss cause I'm smooth like silk
Fuck your ho in the ass and her pussy squirted milk

[Hook x2]
You're tripping bitch
I'm iced out
Iced up bitch with your girl on my dick
Loud pack nigga with your girl on my tip
Damn Based God, I'm a pretty bitch

[Outro]
I don't think you niggas feel me man
Lil B for Lil Boss nigga Based God nigga
Yeah nigga I'm that pretty bitch
I'm the prettiest bitch alive nigga, I'm the finest rapper alive nigga
Shouts out to my nigga Soulja Boy
My nigga got bitches on deck you feel me?
That's the only nigga I show respect
Fuck all you other rap niggas
I'm that pretty bitch
Lil B for Lil Boss, Based God nigga
Based boys bitch[Intro:]
Hey I'mma tell you something and I'mma keep it real, ay man, ay Bitch Mob Task Force, ay all the beautiful girls in here man, I'mma tell you what I want and what we gon do, ya heard me?

[Hook:]
Erybody know, I'mma fuck her like a ho (x8)

[Verse 1:]
Ask me bout the bitch
I'mma tell you bout the bitch
I'mma tell you bout the ho
Last night with the bitch
I'mma tell you bout the bitch
That sucked on my dick
Bitch you is a bitch
With ya fake ass clique
Tell ya fake ass friend
Get out my fucking house
Tell that stupid ass bitch
I'mma fuck her in the mouth
What's the problem with ME bitch?
I'm kinda stressed, I don't have enough sex
And I fuckin' need to stretch
I'mma go to Starbucks, in the mornin' for some coffee
If it ain't a girl there, I won't buy no damn coffee
I'm a maniac bitch
I'mma fuck her in the mornin
Task force, bitch mob
You know we all horny!

[Hook]

[Verse 2:]
Bitch pay attention
There go Lil B
He on the internet
And he on TV
Now you know I love girls
And respect all women
It's some HOES in this house
Pass me a couple bitches
By the way, fuck drugs
I can fuck a bitch sober
I done popped a viagra
And I look like Steve Austin
I look like Tim McGraw
With the bitches on my farm
Had to set the bitch alarm
You gon' fuck me in the mornin'
Bitch I might lick your ass
Bitch I might pay you cash
Bitch I might fuck ya last
I'mma fuck ya in the grass
I'mma fuck ya in the mouf
Cuz she know that I'm the best
Cuz she know that I'm the rawest
I'm the only pretty bitch!

[Hook][Intro]
Niggas gotta make it, I'm serious, niggas gonna make it, seriously. You hear me, I come from that straight under shit. They really fucking with me, ya feel me?

[Verse 1]
I only live one time, I'm trying to keep my head right
Niggas doing fed time, that's similar to me
I be going hard, so I'm facing like 55
Niggas don't want that, I be selling dope sacks
Niggas want me dead cos I'm still in the states
I be at Fort Knox; nigga, I am a cop
Ride with intel on ya, my life full of pain
Niggas don't understand, niggas don't even care
Man, I'm just on my dick, niggas didn't give me cash
How I'm gonna move? (Stick up that) Don't know how I'm gonna move (where that nigga at? Where he at?)
Come with that chopper, then I'm gonna act a fool
My niggas wanted trophies, but I wanted cases
Niggas heard my rap, then they said I'm going places
Kept me off the street, all them boys living dead
Niggas eating fast food, niggas serving fast dope
Niggas catching hot bullets, you ain't going to war
Niggas lost the streets, niggas want to keep the peace
Niggas act out of pocket, niggas get dealt with
Straight top shelf shit, make a nigga melt quick
Ain't no rumors, them boys on repeat
All the shit that I did, some days I couldn't
I couldn't go to sleep
Traumatized, chasing me down
They had that shit, but I still live
Don't respect me, niggas ain't checked me
I had real beef and I didn't let it stress me
Real 05, I'm really 05
Fuckers hate, I was based in 05
2013, niggas mad I'm still grinding
I'm still alive and they hate that
Niggas gonna hate that, I paint the Maybach
You feel me, and I'm not from the hood, what?
That's okay, but them choppers gonna spray
How you a vet if you ain't in the Oak?
Say you a dope dealer but you got a Purple Heart
Robbed them meth labs and I burnt them bitches
Never crossed real niggas, I've burnt no bridges
05 Fuck Em mixtape[Intro: Wise Older Man]
Imma put my money on this young nigga I know Imma keep it real man, Lil b man I got yo back, bruh, and this from me man, for real, like I said I owe you man. I got my money on this young nigga Lil b, man, he taking over the world, His first album gon' sell a million records, He million, a million plus, His album going platinum plus, We moving for that diamond, we moving for that diamond shit, Like I said, taking it to that world wide level, Lil B man, I love you

[Verse 1: Lil B]
Most of it is motivation, some of it is role play
You ain't never seen my style, bitch, or my wardrobe
Black back, a blast first, niggas want to get hit
Motivation bitch, way past pimping
And lets get it
Way before the hobos and homos, snowcones
Niggas off the motivation and dough home
Black kids and white kids, Mexicans and Asians
Going on hope, just to see broke
Now we gotta play him
Motivation work on it
We gotta make it
You feel me
Sense', man its smelling cajun
Look up to me now this is real cases
These niggas so good I got that bad luck man
Im knocking on wood they spraying shit up
Maybe you could reach your destination, ok
Rocking to the day
Motivation till I lay, Lil B
Im rocking to the top scale
Nigga want to see me fall but bitch, the top rail
I ain't going down, and nigga I ain't falling off
These niggas want to see the boss, but I ain't gon' let em see
Gotta see across
Nigga gotta see a cross
The only time you walk across
Is when I part the sea across
I'm legendary bitch
I'ma knock these niggas off with this legendary shit

[Outro: Wise Older Man]
Ok cool off now, Like I said, I got this money on this brother right here, You know what I'm saying, Youngster got his thing, doing it, He doing this shit, And I'm putting money behind him, I'm putting my house behind him, I'm putting my car behind him, I'm putting my life behind him, Like I said man, Lil B, I believe in him 100 %, man, We taking this shit to the top, Lil B my number one son, you know what I'm saying, That's my pop man, I'ma tell you something, man, Lil B rocking, man, Past diamond, nigga, First album going platinum, He ain't never dropped a album yet, Everything been mixtapes to this step, Who fucking with the young gunna? Who fucking with the young nigga? Pushing that motherfucking mind, Basedworld Paradise all to the day, man, We on that motherfucking grind shit, I love you worldwide, Everybody that's holding down Lil B, hold them choppas up, Let them bullets out, We got guns with no bullets
We motherfucking doing our thing, We spraying things, We spreading love
We spreading positivity, I got bitches, We rocking, we taking over the world, Billion dollar championships, Niggas can't fuck with my young nigga, Lil B, I'ma tell you something, nigga, Rocking to the top
Any of these sucka ass niggas want it, We taking niggas out the game
Niggas ain't playing no more, Niggas sitting on the bench
When niggas come through FUCK 'EM.. straight up01. Intro
02. Welcome to 05
03. 4 My
04. So Thirsty
05. Strip You
06. Lil B
07. Liii
08. Twurk Sum
09. Lil Bs Layer
10. Goin Platinum
11. No Mo Blow
12. GOR (God Of Rap)
13. Simple Math
14. You Unda
15. Prayin 4 A Brick
16. Free Da Wurld
17. I Am The Rawest Rapper
18. Rip Kennedy
19. Smack
20. Licks And Ducktape
21. Strong Arm
22. Love B
23. Blow
24. Lanlord
25. Switch Lanes
26. Rock Up 4sho
27. New York Anthem
28. People Like Me
29. Rob The Jeweler
30. Gutta Work
31. Free Bandz
32. Insurance
33. BGYCFMB
34. Lick A Shot
35. Bitch KT
36. Ellen Degeneres Remix
37. 10k Summa
38. 1 Night in Florida
39. Fmbn
40. Im The Rap God
41. Ruff Ryder
42. Stright Up
43. Amis Scur
44. Mount Up
45. Act Right
46. Built To Survive
47. Dear Mama
48. Im Gunna Be A Doctor
49. Bloggers Anthem
50. Gutta Goin Platinum
51. Beat The Ho Up
52. Stop Selling Dope
53. Motivation Remix
54. Painful Intermission
55. 1 Mo
56. Stressful
57. U C Me
58. Hummus Or Crack
59. Hardest To Do It
60. 05 Fuck Em
61. Control Response
62. Is This Life
63. So Posh
64. Buy A Ho
65. Cought A Case
66. Let Em Go B
67. Cocaine Option
68. Do Da BasedGod
69. Wolfpack Foreva
70. Do It Like Bluit
71. I Need
72. Kurt Angle
73. My Garage Remix Feat Lil B
74. I Own Swag Remix
75. Quit Stealing Swag
76. Last Dance Remix Feat Lil B
77. Texas Or Florida
78. Servin Rocks
79. Gotta Pay Me
80. Pixar
81. Snitch
82. Waddup
83. Bar Mitzvah
84. Dying Breed
85. Wolcome Home
86. Based News
87. Before the Diary
88. Block Report
89. To The Sky
90. We Did It
91. We Still Winnin
92. HB
93. Look In My Eyes
94. Dope Lines
95. Yee
96. I'm So Hood
97. Stealing From Strippers
98. From The Bay
99. 4 My CLEAN RADIO EDIT
100. Hadouken Feat KeKe The Adopted Tabby Cat BASED FREESTYLE
101. 05 Out(Talking: Lil B)
I want to say I love y'all and thank y'all for holding me down on this whole mixtape, I say I'm about to take over 2014, Lil B, my first album is going platinum, Like I said I never have ever dropped a real album everything's been mixtapes, The only real albums I have been a part of are the Basedgod's Choices and Flowers and Rain in England

A lot of people know and a lot of people wonder what's going on with Lil B, Lil B making history, Shout out to everybody that really hold me down and love me, All the real based producers that love me, A lot of people faking, Don't say you produced shit for Lil B if you don't love me, cause you didn't produce nothing for me, Lil B a one man band, we rocking till the motherfucka drop, aye man, a lot of people just you gotta keep rolling you gotta keep rolling

Like I said it's Lil B, a lot of these critcs is funny, A lot of these people don't know what real music is, but I know we know, Keyboard I love you, what it do, Keep it real, Basedworld keep it real, I love everybody that ain't in it for the money, I never been in it for the money, I ain't worried about it, It's coming, Billions, Billions nigga, Basedworld we doing it big, Taking niggas out the game, Any nigga want it, Anybody, Will go any fucking round, baby, You know what I'm saying

Real talk I love my cat, I adopted a cat and I love that motherfucka like a person, Bust heads for that bitch, I'll Knock a nigga down for the ho, In the studio with me right now, Basedworld Studios, Shout out to Keke the adopted tabby cat, Like I said 05 fuck 'em mixtape, it's a motherfucking wrap, Lil B nigga, I done made history, Look how the rap game is right now, it's because of me, One man band nigga, Holla

Yesssss, Basedgod, WOO, WOO, SWAG, SWAG, AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH, DAMNNNNN, AAAAAHHH, AHHHHH, AAAAHHHH, WOOOO, BASEDGOD, Yeah make sure niggas don't steal my swag, That's all Lil B nigga, That's all me, make sure they don't steal my swag no mo, And for you, uh, niggas that's in the rap game playing with me, you pop stars, nigga, aye man, seperate from the rappers, nigga, I'm talking about some of you pop stars stealing niggas swag, you R&B singers, I see you, Lil B for life nigga, WAAAA, 05 fuck 'em, 05 FUUUCCCKK EEMMM[Intro]
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god Basedgod
I gotta tell you something
OH. MY. GOD. Lil B, guess what?
Guess what? I heard something. I heard a rumor
Guess what? You did a great job
Oh my god, I heard you fucked a thousand bitches
You need a trophy!

[Hook]
I fucked a thousand bitches, I fucked a thousand bitches (OKKKAAYYYY)
Fucked a thousand bitches, I fucked a thousand bitches (OKKKAAYYYY)
Fucked a thousand bitches, I fucked a thousand bitches (SWAG! DAMN! BASEDGOD!)
Fucked a thousand bitches, I fucked a thousand bitches (YOU DID GREAT! OKKKAYYY!)

[Verse]
I get pussy cause I ride 26's
I got a trophy cause I fucked a thousand bitches
Bitches love me and it's still fuck the system
46 bitches and they call me David Stern
Felt my bitch up, I told that bitch to get a perm (SLOW DOWN BASEDGOD)
I flex bitches, I flex bitches (SLOW DOWN, LIL B)
I'm powered up, I'm riding the bitch and she's trippin
I ride Bentley Coupe, the bitch wanted to fuck me
She want to fuck Basedgod, I told her I'm a biznitch
Basedgod I'mma tell you bout the mothafuckin bidness
Bitch you know me, they call me Reggie Miller
Bitch I look great today. You could call me Oprah
Call me Deepak Chopra. My book is kinda better
Smart girls love me, they call me Metta Metta (I got bitches)
Bitch I look better. Take off your sweater
21 bitches wanna write me a letter (I flex bitches, so what?)
I look so good, I be acting conceited (so what?)
Bitch don't like me, the bitch probably jealous (great)
Im a pretty bitch, I'mma show you bout (OKKAAYYY)
I'mma sss- the medal cause I fucked a thousand bitches (DAAAAMN)

[Hook]
I fucked a thousand bitches, I fucked a thousand bitches (OKKKAAYYYY)
Fucked a thousand bitches, I fucked a thousand bitches (OKKKAAYYYY)
Fucked a thousand bitches, I fucked a thousand bitches (SWAG! DAMN! BASEDGOD!)
Fucked a thousand bitches, I fucked a thousand bitches (YOU DID GREAT! OKKKAYYY!)[Intro]
Yeah, I'mma tell you one thing about Lil B
You feel me, he keep it solid to the bitch, you already know, man
Repping bitch mob everyday, man
Like I said pretty boys, ten toes down, tiny shirts and everything

[Verse 1]
Rep the bitch mob, it's motherfucking hater
I stay with them bitches, tell Doug, I'll see you later
Motherfuck them drugs, I'm staying high as my capers
I rep for my family worldwide, I'm talking paper
Still fucked up and I'm still crossed over
And I'm still rolling purp, I don't know if I told you
In your pocket, bitch, like a napkin
Shouts out to Berkeley, finna get shit cracking
Bitch fucks with me, you know she get skinny
Bro talking like that, finna leave him like Kenny
Damn, I felt the struggle, damn, I feel the hustle
Nigga hating on me? Bitch, you hating on your brother
Come from the motherfucking top, I blew it
Take that jackpot, you know my niggas come stupid
Riding around town, you know that I do it
Bowflexing Master P, four deep, no limit
Niggas mad at me? Bitch, you better be pacific
Bitch, like jokes, nigga, I don't get it
Still baseworld and it's still goldhouse
Keep it so based, leaving bitches in the house
Understand this, I'm the motherfucking man
Shows in Tokyo, shouts out to Japan
Shouts out to Osaka, top flight, big bitch
In the fucking club, and she educated, g
You know how I eat, you know when I'm coming in the room
Bitches fall asleep because they know I'm coming through

Yeah, man, they call me Dr. Doom, you know why? Because I'm shocking bitches, you feel me?

[Bridge]
Everybody thugging
Tell you about me, bitch, I'mma tell you about some-
Fuck what you heard, man, that ain't about nothing
I'mma tell you about me, bitch, I'mma tell you about some-
Drugging, everybody thugging, I'mma tell you about me, bitch, I'mma tell you about-
So what, you feel me, so what, man, I do it
Fuck what you heard, bitch, I'mma tell you about something
I'mma tell you about me, bitch, I'mma tell you about something

[Outro]
Like I said, you know we repped it up, represent
Really, I'mma tell you, man, that bitch mob shit, you know we coming from the under, you feel me, that under, the under, under, under, you feel, me?
Yeah, you already know, man, Lil B
Rawest rapper alive, number one unsigned artist
Yeah, we talk about that gangster shit, uhh, that pretty boy shit
I got a lot of bitches, you feel me?
So, you know, we moving from category to category to category

Yeah, I got some bitches, I'll tell you that, a lot of bitches

It's your boy, Lil B, man
Bitch mob, yeah, you feel me?[Intro: Lil B]
You niggas said I ain't got no bitches? Ah man these niggas crazy
I done covered these pussy ass niggas done stolen my swag and shit you feel me?
Imma come fuck you for that you lil bitch, you feel me? What it do?

[Hook: Lil B] (x4)
10k summa
10k summa
Fucking ten bitches in the back of the Hummer

[Verse 1 - Lil B]
I like a young ho and you know that she turn up
Call me John Madden, fuck her in the Aston
Martin dropped the top bitch you know what's happening
Call me BasedGod, bitch you know I stay slapping
Flex 18 just to show my wrist
Stuck up, yeah I act like a bitch
Hit a nigga with the mac, no homo
Bitch I roll solo, motherfuck the popo
Fuck twenty bitches and I think Im Tin-tin
Tin tin BasedGod, hit that bitch with the Glock
Tin tin BasedGod, niggas hate on that
Fucking bitches in the mouth, yeah cause I got the swag
Im gonna... I'm the collector
Money I'm respectin', Bernie and I get it
Flexing baby Hummer, fifty grand shows
Suck my dick bitch, it's a 10k summa

[Hook] (x4)(Verse 1: Lil B)
Snitches die fast, Suckas die faster
I would've been a number if I didn't become a rapper
Bagging up crack, I'm addicted to the plastic
Addicted to the smell, I'm addicted to the ashes
Smoking on the weed it got the effects that the crack get
Set niggas up, one dot I got pain
How I live with the pains of the game
Turned myself in, cause I'm g'd up solid
Never flyed first class
I'd rather fly first with crack
Imma smoke a plate, send a plate, then relax
Niggas got opinions, but don't state facts
When you got facts I come correct with you
Hit you straight with the pistol
I'll make the shit harder to get to
I'm making niggas shit fucking hard
When the win do
On the pistol line, have my niggas come get you
The way I cook crack, I feel so magical

(Hook: Lil B)
Baby, give me one more chance, Give me one more chace

(Verse 2: Lil B)
I ain't finna die a gangsta
Hoodie in the summertime
Niggas want x-pills I want that hard rock
I want that guitar, I want that space
Put me in the booth I whip crack everyday
Keep it 100 I whip crack like the slaves
Build a couple schools off the money that I made
Niggas hate taxes, but I pay taxes
Nigga getting pimped, by the credit and the plastic
Niggas kill niggas for the money, cause they average
That's so petty, that's so weak
Yeah, I'm finna sell the sack
And go off to jail with them suckas and them rats
Stick with the system, they ain't want to pay for that
They want you in jail, they want you all that
You feel me?
This is 05 fuck em, realize the pain you in
Hop out it

Baby Give me one more chance[Lil B]
Ah yeah man we outchea fonkin hard man we outchea fuckin with my dawg man you know what Im sayin we outchea in Florida man fuck with my nigga Lil B man we on the radio man based underground radio man we got my ??? nigga outchea Lil B doing his motherfuckin thang aye man we outchea Florida nigga what it do

[Verse 1 - Lil B]
Let me tell you bout this ho I know
But I really don't know but I know that ass though
And I know that an asshole started making jokes man talking bout an asshole
Bitch you need to calm down man negativity gon get you beat up
Nuttin to do by me but a person like me
Im tryna tell you somethin' man
Check it out bitch man let me tell you somethin'
I know you love me and thats the right move
I know Lil B but for real man he a nice dude
And I'll put you in a place no guest room
Got money got guns in the next room
Villa mansion thats the sex room
Downstairs bitch thats the room
Rooms and drugs downstairs the cokes and ounces all suburban houses
Ho

[Hook]
I fucked a girl on the first night and I don't know her
Fonkin hard
I fucked a girl on the first night and I don't know her
Fonkin hard
I fucked a girl on the first night and I don't know her
Fonkin hard

[Lil B]
Okay ho we having a great time bitch lets go
Woop
Bitch wanna choose up bitch choose up man a ho looking good

[Verse 2 - Lil B]
Bitches wanna choose man choose up
Man a ho look good man whats up
Girls wanna fuck me and they like after
The bitch call me daddy cause that ho is a bastard
I need money and I don't chase it
Money comes to me man I just big face it
Thats Ben Franklin, you namsayin
The temperature rising niggas outchea
Gettin' money in every state
Heavy weight we stunt hard
We fonkin hard nigga what them dunks know about that
Big ass rims like 26
Hate on me you dirty bitch
New Jersey dope with the city bricks
We just outchea living like Dr Dre nigga we gon' smoke till its sunlight

[Hook][Intro]
Angels Exodus
This for anybody who ever lost somebody
Yo, Mistah F.A.B
Bay Area, West Side I see you
Keep your head up, this for you

[Verse 1]
My brother lost his Momma
I don't know how he made it
I'm just praying that he make it
I know he will
Mistah F.A.B. be in my prayers forever
Nigga, I never die a hater
Start to think about my life and all the time passing
Can't take nothing back so living with it
Feel gifted for the breath that I'm breathing
Living on borrowed time if you need a reason
Niggas say heaven and hell, but I don't believe it
Just believe in spirits
Just believe in breathing
Please help me if I walk the crooked path even
Please help me if I leave when the pastor speaking
Even though I listen to him for the inspiration
I know life real and we separated
But we gotta get together before the game's over
R.I.P all the angels and the fallen soldiers

[Hook]
One time, oh one time, yeah
Give it up for the people we lost
Spread love for the people that's gone
One time, oh one time, yeah
Give it up for the people we lost
Spread love for the people that's gone
Lil B

[Verse 2]
The biggest tax seeing the death of a family member
The mourning process
January to December
Cold nights hell feeling like hell in November
Where's my thoughts
I don't remember
Even though I look happy
I'm still a beginner
Even though I pray to God
I'm still a sinner
One day I'll realize that this time is precious
No movie, real life living like I'm Precious
Bad food, bad family
Dealing with depression
A lot of unprotected sex
Didn't learn my lesson
Please just let me
Life with no judgment
Please let me live my life with no fussing
I already think I'mma die from the way I'm living
I'm by myself eating fast food on Thanksgiving
Just a picture of what I'm doing on a daily basis
R.I.P. the fallen soldiers
Now heaven's angels

[Hook][Intro]
It's a lot of young niggas out here
Handling their business
Salute to you
Ultimate Bitch mixtape

[Hook x2]
I'm too rich to pimp, let's keep it 100
No bitch ever gave me money (x3)

[Verse 1]
I never pimp a bitch but I might seduce her
Bitch can't say that she gave me nothing
Knocking hoes out cause they game is funny
No punk bitch ever gave me nothing (Figaro!)
Bitch kept saying that she gave me something
Bitch I'm too rich to take your money
Broke ass bitch can't do shit for me (Figaro!)
I like to buy pussy cause free's too easy

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2]
I sell dope like that dude Young Jeezy
I know Little Beezy
Bitch I know the BasedGod
Bitch I know A-Rod
I know, I think I know BasedGod
No, you really don't know the BasedGod
Do you know about the BasedGod (Figaro!)
I look like BasedGod
Everybody wanna know about the fucking BasedGod
Bitches wanna fuck the motherfucking BasedGod
I know Lil B and I might know the BasedGod
Bitches wanna fuck me cause they think I'm the BasedGod
50 grand show cause I know about the BasedGod
[?] the BasedGod (Figaro!)
I don't give a fuck bitch, I know about A-Rod

[Hook x2][Intro]
Yeah man, like I said man
I'ma tell you who in the building man
It's that pretty boy man, you already know that pretty bitch man
I do what I do, I do what I say
Man I got so many bitches it ain't even funny
I count on my hand, I got about ten bitches
So what that mean? It mean I get it, I get that sack man everyday
Man, I'm looking for a sack, I'm looking for a check
I'm looking for what I do, you know what I'm saying
No homo, I got so many bitches man, you niggas can't see that
Man we coming up man, I know Lil B, you feel me

[Verse 1]
I been selling dope for bout five months
Baby momma drama, I beat my bitch up
Domestic violence case, I don't give a fuck
I keep my bitch down and keep my hoes up
Choke my bitch out cause she lied to us
I'm so insecure the bitch lied to us
I'm including you cause it's all of us
I told her fuck the crew, please all of us
Bitch just want a check and a better view
Fuck that bitch in the ass for that money too
Bitch asked for some money and some new shoes
Bitch gon' fuck my podna and I'm being rude
Hoes ask for shit, bitch make a habbit
I was serving bad way before the rapping (Figaro!)
I only know work, I don't know trapping
I never had a job, I don't know rapping

[Hook] x2
I can't be a pimp cause I buy pussy
My big bruh doing life over pussy
Bitch stay away cause I take pussy
I never been a pimp cause I buy pussy

[Verse 2]
Real dope boys got no bitches
I ain't took no fucking shower, bitch ain't sucking my dick
Where the dope fiends? I'm bout to make it Christmas
Fuck a dope fiend in the ass bitch I'm so grimy (Figaro!)
Yeah I got them packs of fucking handbags bitch
Yeah I flex purses, and I got them bags
I'm off 100%, yep bitch you know I'm off it (Dr. Phil!)
No homo, I strip niggas and I'm proud of it
I flex purses and them hand bags
Knocking bitches out and I'm serving tags (Figaro!)

[Hook] x2

[Outro]
Come on baby, come on baby
Figaro![Hook]
Thirty thousand, hundred million
All my niggas go so crazy in this fucking building

[Verse 1: Soulja Boy]
Word around town, I got bitches on my dick
Word around town, I got cameras taking pics
Word around town mane, I'm hot than a bitch
Word around town, I spent 3 million on my wrist (True story)
Word around town, I spent 12 million on my crib (Foxtail)
Word around town bitch, that's just how I live (Simpset)
Word around town bitch, my dick taste like ribs
Word around town bitch, what happened to Arab

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Lil B]
S550, drive with my swagger
Hoes on my dick cause I rock like Mick Jagger
Ten on my ho and I'm sharp like a dagger
Pineapple shorty and my bitch look like an actress
Young Based God, flex bitches on my dick
Young Based God, tell police suck my dick
Playboy mansion, chilling with Hugh Hefner
West Berkeley nigga, Waterfront on my sweatshirt, you feel me

[Hook](Intro)
Ay man, I'mma' tell you why I'm thugged out
Ay yeah I got a crime fetish, says fuck these mutha'fuckas

(1st Verse)
Never been a busta'
I don't fuck with them 'bustas
That nine in ya' face pussy nigga I don't trust ya'
This right to ya' melon like them boys in 7th Heaven
I be gone in a second, gotta' load my Mac-11
Ridin' through the streets with them boys packin' heat
Niggas know it's Lil B, and they know I'm pretty creep
Gotta' be wit' the shit, cause I roll one deep
Bitch I'm MVP, cause I'm playin' for the Heat
(Thugged out) Military soldier, comin' from the sea
H20 all day, man I'm comin' for the tree/
'N I might hit a 3, wit' a scope and the beam
4 wheel motion, the till stay open
My house stay open, he stay cockin'
Make ya' head red like that boy Dennis Rodman
He stay loaded, the beef got me focused
Smack ya' on the street like them niggas out in Oakland
I got phonk like - I'mma' tell you somthin' niggas
A few suckas tried to check game - had to bust niggas
Playin' wit' that ratchet, 'N I'm smokin' wit' that ratchet
Talkin' 'bout the gun, 'N I ain't talkin' 'bout a bad bitch
Bitch paid me cause she say I do magic
Nigga play wit' me I had to burn em' like matches
I do me, 'N I'm hustlin' no discussion
Lotta' mutha'fuckas did-died over nothin'

(Bridge)
*Coming Soon*[Intro]
Yesssss
It's your boy (it's your boy)

[Verse 1]
I'm here for those hard times
Your life's real and I see that
Those bills hard, and that rent due
But I swear to god, you gon' get through
Long nights I done thought about
If I was gon' make it
I don't care now, it's for the love
I'm like a fiend, I'm for the drug
Population is growin' fast
And jobs is hard to come by
But don't trip, you gon' be good
Cos everyone get their time to shine
Everyone is a superstar
You don't need those shiny cars
You don't need the best clothes
Just save your heart
That's from my heart
All the stuff that's really smart
They look at me like I'm Mr. Man
Yes, ma'am, I made mistakes
But never picked when I raise my hand
That made me hate school
What's next? I'm skippin' class
Education is a first
It comes first before everything
Everything is anything
And anything is everything
I don't care, I let my nuts hang
For the whole world cos I'm back now
Berkeley boys, I'm back now
From Marin city to Sac town
Oakland and back down
Frisco to Richmond
San Jose to Vallejo
And Pittsburg to Fairfield
East Coast to down south
Square bears and gang stares
Shouts out to Palo Alto
Bruh bruh got grapes there

[Outro]
You feel me?
My bruh got grapes in Palo Alto
You feel me?
Man
Uh huh
I just spit real shit man
That's all I can do
Life is like a Titanic man
That shit, you feel me?
You be afloat, god bless
And you sink? Just gotta come back man
It's all about how you bounce back man
Just bounce back man
And when you bounce back make sure you dunk
You feel me?
Don't miss the layup, make sure you dunk
You feel me?
Shouts out to everybody I fuck with
I do this for y'all, the people I really care about
I put this music out like this man
Because . . I mean, it's like, you gotta put out the real, man
Especially for the people you fuck with
I don't get to talk to my people everyday
But, just know that this shit right here, this shit right here!
Yeah, this for y'all, you feel me
You know I'm still here man
I'm still on the road, you feel me
Making shit pop
We gon' get it
You know what I'm saying
I'm telling all my Berkeley boys
All my bay area boys
That anything is possible, you feel me?
Even if you and a rock
Under a rock, in the dirtiest spot
You feel me?
I know some motherfucking knocks that came out on motherfucking top
You feel me?
It's all about your brain and your determination
I promise you man, you gotta have that motivation
I gotta put my people on game, you feel me?
Real game, our game
No playing, you feel me?
PS3, switch games, you feel me?
XBox, switch games, you feel me?
It's your boy Lil B man, we on a whole 'nother level, you feel me?
Talkin' 'bout Based Boys, Based Overlord, Based God
All that, you feel me?
Bring it back, one time, that's some real shitI know your bitch wanna ho for me (x8)

Choose up bitch (x8)

I know your bitch wanna ho for me (x8)

She like my dance, she like my moves
Bitch pay me like you pay Uncle Sam
I need my money to fill that trash can
And then we going down to Oakland

I know your bitch wanna ho for me (x14)

I want some pussy
I want some bitches
I want the mansions
I want them Benzes
I need that bad
I need that dough
I need my bitch
I need my ho

I know your bitch wanna ho for me (x4)
I know your bitch wanna go for me
I know your bitch wanna ho for me (x4)[Produced by Puablo Stay Trippin]

[Intro: Lil B]
Aye man Bitchmob party aye turn this up!
You know we out here in the streets mane
We goin' stupid mane!
Lil B turn it up!

[Hook: Lil B]
I'm gon' stunt
I'm gon' roll
For my niggas!
I'm gon' sip
I'm gon' drink
I'm gon' smoke
For my Niggas!

[Verse 1: Lil B]
Ima keep it one hundred, I do this for my young niggas
Cause real talk man I know that they love a nigga
I be out here in Berkeley because they love a nigga
I be out in Richmond because they love a nigga
The whole Bay Area filled with drug dealers
Prostitutes and niggas with big houses
Niggas in the hood with no couches
Cigarettes on the floor with the dirty rug
Tv's on the ground with the fruit punch
Niggas love that sound when I pull up
Thank you Basedgod, you can fuck my slut!
I said Thank you Basedgod you can fuck my slut!
East Oakland, niggas fucked up
Helicopters trying to find us
Internationooo, what the fuck you mean
Riding down choppers, looking - clean!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Lil B]
All my niggas off the post man my niggas hustlin'
Man they love Lil B man he really thuggin'
Niggas respect me cause I came from nothing
Man we pushing cans and we counting money
Make sure not to litter cause I got bitches
In the hood niggas throwing all the trash out
Shout out to Filmore then I sav' out
Shout out to Hunters Point then I mash out
Shout out to Tacoma and Seattle
I need to fuck ten bitches
Them my bitches
Niggas know 'bout the cash roll
Fuck the bitch in the asshole
We gon' stunt till I die
We gon' have fun in the fucking place
Thank you Basedgod no guns in the place
I said Thank You Basedgod no guns in the place

(Hook)[Intro: Lil B]
Aye man ... turn this up!
You know we out here in the streets mane
We goin' stupid mane!
Lil B turn it up!

[Hook: Lil B]
I'm gon' stunt
I'm gon' roll
For my ...gas!
I'm gon' sip
I'm gon' drink
I'm gon' ...
For my Niggas!

[Verse 1: Lil B]
Ima keep it one hundred, I do this for my young ...
Cause real talk man I know that they love a ...
I be out here in Berkeley because they love a ...
I be out in Richmond because they love a ...
The whole Bay Area filled with ...
... and ... with big houses
... in the hood with no couches
Cigarettes on the floor with the dirty rug
Tv's on the ground with the fruit punch
... love that sound when I pull up
Thank you Basedgod, you can fuck my ...!
I said Thank you Basedgod you can fuck my ...!
East Oakland, ... ed up
Helicopters trying to find us
Internationooo, what the ... you mean
Riding down choppers, looking - clean!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Lil B]
All my ... off the post man my ... hustlin'
Man they love Lil B man he really thuggin'
... respect me cause I came from nothing
Man we pushing cans and we counting money
Make sure not to litter cause I got ...
In the hood ... throwing all the trash out
Shout out to Filmore then I sav' out
Shout out to Hunters Point then I mash out
Shout out to Tacoma and Seattle
I need to fuck ten bi...
Them my bi...
... know 'bout the cash roll
...
We gon' stunt till I die
We gon' have fun in the ... place
Thank you Basedgod no guns in the place
I said Thank You Basedgod no guns in the place

(Hook)[Hook: Lil B]
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
510 ratchet

[Verse 1: Lil B]
I ain't gon' lie, I need to fuck a young bitch
Niggas out here going dumb like waaah bitch
I flex Bentley and I flex Maybach
Shout out to Mack Mane nigga hate that
Barangadang fucking hoes in the ass Whoadie
The bitches love Based God like that Whoadie
West side East side
South side North side
The parties I like we dance with guns
Brodie catching that charge man he on one
I be driving no licence still going dumb
I ain't no ancient nigga, I got alot of bitches
I ain't never been played out
Fuck a bitch in her ass then put my dick in her mouth

How you love that nigga...

I'm smashing on these hoes like (bitch)

[Hook: Lil B]
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
510 ratchet

[Verse 2: Lil B]
If you a ratchet bitch scream
Ok
If you a ratchet ho scream
Ok ok ok
Bitch twerk that ass on me
Rachet Rachet Rachet Rachet
Rachet Rachet Rachet ass bitch
(Rachet ass bitch)
I'm a thug ass nigga like Detroit niggas
Shout out to the bitches that wear weaves
Bitch need to let your afro hang out
Where the ratchet ass hoes from down south
Bitch asked me if I'd pay her bills
Bitch you ain't gon' get nothing out of me

[Hook: Lil B]
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
I need all these hoes to get ratchet
510 ratchet[Intro]
Westside bitch, Bitch Mob bitch
What is it, mayne
You know it..
Respect the Bitch Vol. 1
Yeah boy, it's your boy Lil B in this motherfucker
2011, I'm feeling great mayne
I'm tellin' you, man
I'm back in New Orleans
I'm chillin' with my fam

[Verse 1]
Niggas mad cause I do what the fuck I want
Nigga this that real shit that these females want
I be doing my thang, trips all day
38 round clip at the end of the K
I got bitches and I'm a pretty bitch
Cocaine rap with the size of them brick
That's that pretty boy, West Berkley music
I don't suck mayne, just do it
New Benz off the lot
Niggas hate on me cause BasedGod hot
But BasedGod the nigga that got me rich
And BasedGod the dude that fucked my bitch
I'm in New Orleans, posted up
R.I.P. Magnolia Shorty, R.I.P. Soulja Slim
I can't forget about them
Talkin' bad about Lil B, I'ma see about them

Go, Go

[Hook x2]
All my boys' bitches 5150
All my boys' bitches 5150
All my boys' bitches 5150
Man we staying hella based
And we fuckin' hella bitches

[Verse 2]
Now if I buy a new car, bitch I'm paying cash
If I got a new bitch, you can fuck a lass
I be all at the party, throwing Bacardi
? with an infrared red
Bitch mob, you know how we do it
Tiny ass pants with the lowkey shooters
Yeah bitch, I see you walkin'
A dude like me, I don't hear you talkin'
But I see you frontin', I ain't even mad
Cause I been bout something, bitch
Think I'm ?
Bay area nigga man, hold that chopper
Bay area niggas toke that 40
Bay area niggas always go so dumb
My name Lil B, this that Bitch Mob music
Y'all already know 7th street boy
Come around with that 53

[Hook x2]

Work, work work
Work, work, work
Based, based, based
BasedGod bitch
Based, based, based

[Hook]

Bitch Mob bitch, Bitch Mob bitch, Bitch mob bitch
Throw it back bitch, throw it back bitch
Lil B bitch, Lil B bitch, Lil B bitch
BasedGod bitch, BasedGod bitch

[Hook]

[Outro]
Man, this that Bitch Mob mixtape
Salute the bitch
Respect Da Bitch Vol. 1