[Verse 1]
Got you working with some ass, yeah
You bad, yeah
Make a nigga spend his cash, yeah
His last, yeah
Hoes frown when you pass, yeah
They mad, yeah
You gon' ride in the Jag, yeah
With dad, yeah
You could smoke a fire bag, yeah
Of grass, yeah
Got money I confess, yeah
And trash, yeah
I'm a Big Tymer nigga, yeah
Pulling trigger, yeah
A player hater to flip with, yeah
Going head and fill it, yeah
I be slanging wood, yeah
Out the hood, yeah
Let it be understood, yeah
It's all good, yeah
Got a nigga screaming large, yeah
On the hard, yeah
A smooth ghetto broad, yeah
I want the broad, yeah
A nigga do a trick, yeah
On the dick, yeah
You claiming you want a bitch, yeah
That ain't shit, yeah
The nigga with the money, yeah
Don't act funny, yeah
Got birds and I'm running, yeah
Bout a hundred, yeah

[Hook]
Girl you looks good, won't you back that ass up
You's a fine motherfucker, won't you back that ass up
Call me big daddy when you back that ass up
Girl who is you playing with, back that ass up

[Verse 2]
You got a stupid ass, yeah
Make me laugh, yeah
Make a nigga wanna grab that
Autograph that
I'm sweating on the drawers, yeah
On hard, yeah
Wanna walk it like a dog, yeah
Break you off, yeah
Get mine, you gon' get yours, yeah
That's for sure, yeah
You fucking with my nerves, yeah
To the curb, yeah
I know you bitches know, yeah
And it show, yeah
But a nigga got some more, yeah
I'm 'bout to flow, yeah
Fresh bought some shit, yeah
In this bitch, yeah
We be making hit, yeah
After hit, yeah
Them titties sitting nice, yeah
I wanna bite, yeah
I could fuck you right, yeah
All night, yeah
Wanna bring it to my house, yeah
On the couch, yeah
Knock the pussy out, yeah
Get them out, yeah
I wanna see these hoes, yeah
Bend it low, yeah
Let me run it in the hole, yeah
Let me know, yeah

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Manny Fresh]
I know you can't stand it
Dick Bandit done landed
See the drawers handed
We can go get it y'all gang split it y'all
Put the bitch on the wall and I hit it y'all
Looking kind of lonely, I'm feeling horny
Put the dick in the middle like Monee
Big, thick plumber chick, and a Hummer chick
Beat the dick like a motherfucking drummer chick
Cinch that putty-cat look at that
I love a fucking hoody-rat, that's a fact
You's a motherfucking get it girl, quit it girl
I'm the nigga, the nigga, nigga
That hit it girl

[Hook]

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Na, na, na, na, na
After you back it up, then stop
Then wha-wha-what
Drop it like it's hot
Now after you back it up, then stop
Now, wha-wha-wha-what
Drop it like it's hot
Now drop it like it's hot
Drop drop it like it's hot
C-M-B make you drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop-drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop-drop it like it's hot[Produced by Kanye West, Hudson Mohawke, The Twilite Tone, Anthony Kilhoffer, Mannie Fresh & Lifted]

[Hook: Marsha Ambrosius]
The storm is on the horizon
I’m standing here alone
Got a pistol on my hip and it's gonna be some shit
If you want it then bring it on
See I'm a motherfuckin' soldier
And I’mma be here 'til it’s done
And when they asking who I'm is, shit
You just tell them that I’m the one
(One, one, one)
Tell them that I’m the one
(One, one, one)
Tell them that I’m the one

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I'm the one, baby, yeah, I'm the one, baby
Since God gave his only begotten son, baby
It's hard preachin' the gospel to the slums lately
So I had to put the church on the drums, baby
You on a run, baby, you on a run, baby
You think you free but you a slave to the funds, baby
You think you me, but you ain't me, what you done lately?
Mhm that's cool but I been runnin on the sun, baby
We on a galaxy the haters cannot visit
That's my reality so get off my Scott Disick
If you ever held a title belt, you would know how Michael felt
Tyson, Jackson, Jordan - Michael Phelps
Yeahhh, had to take it to another realm
Cause everything around me got me underwhelmed
Best way to describe my position is at the helm
Best way to describe my new whip - Yeeeaaaalmmp

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
I told Detroit I'mma fuckin' get it
I told my brother we'll be fuckin' winnin'
Ye told me I'm the man for the job
So I told my mom, call her's up and tell 'em that she quittin'
Started off in that Chevrolet, but it's Ferraris I gotta drive
I'm on HBO with my entourage, I'm 5'9'' fuckin' 9 to 5
I need a hundred million no compromise, I'm a double X-L nigga
Magazine and condom size, see what I seen and be traumatized
I don't wait, I marinate, variate, everyday
Every state, sold out, fuck around and need a barricade
My weed loud, I need a hearing aid
Livin' life behind a pair of shades
I be a billionaire if I could get a dollar
For all the bullshit that I hear a day
I did it

[Hook]

[Verse 3: 2 Chainz]
Treat the back seat like a sofa bed
Break bread with my niggas, call it profit sharing
This some good shit, but it get better
And yeah my bitch cold, nigga thin sweater
Like my verse suede and the beat leather
Just tryin' to stay above sea level
When my nigga went to jail, I said, "Free Gucci"
I done bought so much shit, I should get free Gucci
Bought my baby momma anaconda bags
I shouldn't have bought it all, I should've went and cut the grass
Snake ass niggas in my fuckin' face
Bring your girl here nigga so I could fuck her face
Yeah I run this place, this is cashmere swag
Niggas treadmillin' goin' nowhere fast
Sittin' courtside at the Hawks game
Louis on, I could trip a fuckin' ball player

[Outro x2: James Fauntleroy]
Fuck yeah, awesome, yeah I lost some, of my mind
And then I found peace, it was really kind of awesome
It's possible, goddamn right
I've been honest the whole time[Baby]
Nigga can't out-stunt me when it come to these fuckin' cars, nigga
Believe that!

You know me - I don't need no introduction and shit
Ride Bentley's 'round the city on buttons, ya bitch
Arm hangin', wrist blingin' - just stun'n and shit
Drop the top, block is hot
Stay bumpin', ya bitch
B. Atrice get it right, don't tangle and twist it
Hit the club every night, drunk - drinkin' that Crissy
Niggas mad - don't like it cause I'm bangin' they bitches
When the light hit the ice, it twankle and glistens
Baby, Brian, B, Bubba - you can call me what you feel
Hoppin' out the platinum Hummer with the platinum grill
With the platinum pieces, and the platinum chains
With the platinum watches, and the platinum rings (platinum rings)
Nigga shit ain't changed, still doin' my thing
Still do it for the block - nuts hang and swing
You don't know another nigga that can stunt like me (stunt like me)
Big Tymer representin', nigga - the U.P.T

Hook [Baby, Lil' Wayne, Turk]
[Turk] I'mma a hard stun'n nigga like Evil Knievel
[Wayne] Jumpin' out Lex's and Hummers - showin' off for my people
[Baby] I'm the # 1 stunna
[Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what
[Baby] The # 1 stunna
[Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what

[Turk] James Bond, Jackie Chan, and that bitch, MacGyver
[Wayne] Private planes, Jaguars, Bentley's, and Prowlers
[Baby] I'm the # 1 stunna!
[Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what?
[Baby] The # 1 stunna!
[Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what?

[Baby]
I put dubs on cars - when I ride, I'm fly
We thugs, not stars, bitch - ride or die
Put bricks on blocks, nigga - cooked and cut
Juvie 'bout to hold the rocks, nigga, hook it up
Diamonds on my hoes' feet - when they walk, they spark
Diamonds in my fuckin' teeth - when I talk, I spark
Don't fuck around with beef - when it start, I spark
Me and my Hot Boy creeps - when it's dark, we spark
Just bought a new car, and I spent about a million
The motherfuckin' driver seat sittin' in the middle
Me and my son Weezy got a house by the water
I'll be fuckin' bad bitches (bad bitches, bad bitches)

[Lil' Wayne]
I be hittin' they daughters

[Baby]
I like my dick sucked fast

[Lil' Wayne]
I like to play with them rookies

[Baby]
I like to fuck 'em in they ass while he beat up the pussy
I'm the number-one stunna - you don't want my shit
I'mma stunt 'til I die, bitch, the shit don't quit

(Hook [Baby + Lil' Wayne])

[Juvenile]
Baby, pop the Cryst-al, and shine the jew-els
Get the Cadillac from Sewell with twenty-inch L's

[Lil' Wayne]
Boss B.,
Slow down in the Jag, you lost me

[Baby]
{tires squeal}
Slow down, Wayne - you know that's all on me

[Lil' Wayne]
But you know how slow the new Rolls Royce be
Come on - you know how slow the new Rolls Royce be

[Juvenile]
Baby, give me the ki's, give me the weed
Give me the G's, give me the Mack-10
Let me see happenin'
To me, these niggas laggin'

[Lil' Wayne]
What's up, Boss B
You ever got beef with a busta, you can call me
You know I keep a "blucka-blucka"
Hit 'em all week
Give me the keys to the bubble
I'm on y'all street
Juvenile (Juvenile)

[Juvenile]
Baby, let me get the keys to the Rover Truck
Man, let me get this beef shit over, bruh

[Lil' Wayne]
But wait
My nigga, Baby - he live on chrome
My nigga, Baby - he get his shine on

(Hook2x [Baby + Lil' Wayne])

[Baby {talking}]
Now, it's plain and simple, nigga
I ain't met a nigga yet
Could fuck with these Cash Money Hot Boys with these cars, nigga
See that new Monte Carlo, that's hot and on fire
That my dog, Fresh, had first
We got 'em on dubs
That Lexus - the new one - that come out in 2001 with the frog eyes
I got that bitch on dubs
And that Yu- the new Yukon, that's bubble-eye
I got that bitch on dubs
And that Mercedes Wagon, with the kit, that's kitted out
Look like it got frog eyes
That bitch on dubs
And I got that Benz that me and my dog bought for our bitches
We got this shit here on dubs
We all drive Bentley's on dubs
I'm tryin' to put platinum eyebrows on these hoes
I just bought me a platinum football field, nigga
Ya understand?
Don't fuck with me with these cars, nigga (at all, playboy)
We the number-one stunnas, nigga (Nigga, we don't give a fuck)
Got that Viper with them rattlin stripes, with that kit
Ya understand?
We ain't playin'
TV's in all our shit
Believe that, playboy
(Fuck your whole hood up)[Hook: Mannie Fresh]
Go DJ, cause that's my DJ
Say go DJ, cause that's my DJ

[Verse 1]
Murder 101, The hottest nigga under the sun
I came from under the tummy busting a tommy
Or come from under your garments, your chest and your arm hit
Pow! One to the head: now you know he dead
Now you know I play it like a pro in the game
Naw, better yet a veteran in'th hall of fame
I got that medicine; I'm better than all the names
Ay, it's Cash Money Records, man: a lawless gang
Put some water on the track, Fresh, for all his flame
Wear a helmet when you bang it, man, and guard your brain
Cause the flow is spasmatic: what they call insane
That ain't even a motherfuckin' aim. I get dough boy
And you already know that pimpin'
18, how I'm living? Young'un, show that Bentley
Stunna my Pa so you know that's in me
Gotti my mentor so don't go there with me

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
And I move like the Coupe through traffic
Rush hour GT Bent': roof is absent
Your bitch present with the music blastin'
And she keep asking, "how it shoot if it's plastic?"
I tell her, "you see if your boy run up"
She sat back and cut the Carter back up, oh fa sho
Ay Big Mike: they better step they authority up
Before they step to a sergeant's son. I got army guns
You niggas never harmin' Young
Fly Wizzy, my opponent's done, I'm done talkin'
And I ain't just begun, I been running my city like Diddy, you chump
I fly by you in a foreign whip, on the throttle with a model; bony bitch
Pair of phony tits, her hair is long and shit, to her thong and shit
Well here we go, so hold on to this, let's go!

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Birdman, put them niggas in a trash can
Leave em outside of your door: I'm your trash man
I'm steady lighting up the hash, man
And riding in my Jag, you will need a gas mask, man
You snakes: stop hiding in the grass
Sooner or later I'll cut it, knock the blades in your ass
You homo niggas getting AIDS in the ass
While the homie here trying to get paid in advance
I'm staying on my grizzy I'mma bona fide hustler
Play me or play with me, then I'm gonna find your mother
Niggas wanna eat cause they ain't ate nothing
But niggas wanna leave when you say you out of mustard!
So I'mma walk into the restaurant alone, leaving out
Leaving behind just residue and bones
In your residence with Rugers to your dome
Like, "where the fuck you holding the coke?" Holding your throat, choke![Produced by Mannie Fresh]

[Hook]
I still fuck 'em like I used to
I need to put that shit on YouTube
Cause you know we got that dancefloor crazy
Single ladies come and have my baby
I still fuck 'em like I used too
I need to put that shit on YouTube
Cause you know we got that dancefloor crazy
Hey, my nigga, come and grab your lady

[Verse 1]
Yeah, I'm the nigga, yeah, don't forget it, yeah
Gold Nefertiti , yeah, Lamborghini, yeah
Man in my city, yeah, they call me Tity, yeah
Bad bitch with me, yeah, she's sidity, yeah
Got her hair fixed, yeah, kinda thick, yeah
Shawty known to strip, yeah, for the rent, yeah
Tryna do a split, yeah, oh shit, yeah
Can you do a split, yeah? On a dick, yeah?
You can’t do it with a dick in you
You can’t do it like that with a dick in you, uh
You can't do it with a dick in you
You can’t do it like that with a dick in you, bitch!

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Watch how I grab her, yeah, I'mma stab her, yeah
Put it in her bladder, yeah, don't compare me, yeah
Flyin' out to Cali, yeah, in my Ballys, yeah
We go to Miami, yeah, that my family, yeah
ATL my hood, yeah, understood, yeah
Shout out to New Orleans, yeah, it's all good, yeah
Watch how I do, yeah, I'm a fool, yeah
Shawty want that wood, yeah,that pussy good, yeah
Let me see you twerk it, let me see if you can twerk it
Let me see you twerk it, let me see if you can twerk it
Let me see you twerk it, let me see if you can twerk it
Let me see you twerk it, let me see if you can twerk it, bitch!

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Get low like this
Get low like this
Up, do it, up, shake it
Wipe, down, outfit
I get money like I used to
Chains on, I use two
Guns on me like I used to
I'll fuck ya ass on YouTube (a million views!)

[Hook][Birdman]
What's up, Fresh it's our turn baby

[Refrain]
Gator boots with the pimped out Gucci suits
Ain't got no job, but I stay sharp, eh eh, eh eh, I stay sharp
Can't pay my rent cause all my money's spent
But that's okay, cause I'm still fly
Got a quarter tank of gas in my new E class
But that's alright, cause I'm gon' ride
Got everything in my momma's name
But I'm hood rich, la-di-da

[Birdman]
Get your c-uh-c-uh-car, playa gems gon' shine
And tell momma get a mink, baby girl let's ride
You a number one stunna and we gon' glide
And go straight to the mall and tear down the inside
Prada, Gucci, full-mink leather
Burberry's cool, Coogi sweater
Twenty inches, pop my feather
The Birdman daddy, I fly in any weather
Alligator seats with the head in the inside
Swine on the dash, G-wagon is so fly
#1: don't tangle and twist it
When it come to these cars I am that nigga
The g-uh-g-uh-Gucci with the matching interior
Three-wheel ride with the tire in the middle
It's Fresh and Stunna, and we like brothers
We shine like paint, daddy: it's our summer

[Hook]

[Mannie Fresh]
Have you ever seen crocodile seats in the truck
Turn around, sit it down and let 'em bite your butt
See the steering wheel is Fendi, dashboard Armani
With your baby momma, player's where you can find me
Cruisin' through the parking lot on twenty-fours
Cadillac Escalade with the chromed-out nose
With an navigation arrow headed straight to your spot (Turn left)
Where your wife really love me cause the sex is so hot
Put the Caddy up, start the 3-wheel Benz (skurrrrr)
Hyper white lights, ultra-violet lens
Suma-tuma tires and they gotta be run flat
TV where the horn go, boy can you top that
I'mma show you some shit, rookie: press that button
The trunk went "uh-uh", and all of a sudden
Four 15's - didn't see no wires
And then I heard (boom) from the amplifiers

[Hook]

[Birdman]
Let me slide in the Benz with the fished out fins
Impala loud pipes, drinkin' the Henn'
It's the Birdie-Birdie Man, I'll do it again
In a Cadillac truck twenty-fours with tens

[Mannie Fresh]
Lookin' at my Gucci, it's about that time
Six bad broads flying in at nine
New Suburban truck with the porno showin'
Up and down and up they go

[Baby]
Bodies on the Roadster - Lexus, you know what
That hard-top Beamer, yo Ma, that's your truck
I'm comin' up, the hood been lovely
New shoes on the whip and I wake up to bubbly

[Mannie Fresh]
430 Lex with the convertible top
And the rims keeps spinning every time I stop
Got a Superman Benz that I scored from Shaq
With a old school Caddy with a diamond in the back[Verse 1]
That's you with that bad ass Benz ha
That's you that can't keep your old lady
Cause you keep fuckin' her friends ha
You gotta go to court ha
You got served a subpoena for child support ha
That was that nerve ha
You ain't even much get a chance to say a word ha
I know I ain't trippin' don't your brother got them birds ha
You won't bust one of them niggas head ha
You ain't scared ha
You know how to play it ha
I know you ain't just gonna let a nigga come and punk you ha
Stunt and front you ha
Straight up run you ha
You know who got that fire green ha
You know how to use a triple beam ha
Shit ain't hard as it seems ha
You keep your body clean ha
You gotta lot of Girbaud jeans ha
Some of your partners dope fiends ha
You really don't want to fuck with them niggas ha
You come up with them niggas ha
You stuck with them niggas ha

[Hook]
You a paper chaser, you got your block on fire
Remaining a G until the moment you expire
You know what it is you make nothin' out of somethin'
You handle your biz and don't be cryin' and sufferin'
You a paper chaser, you got your block on fire
Remaining a G until the moment you expire
You know what it is you make nothin' out of somethin'
You handle your biz and don't be cryin' and sufferin'

[Verse 2]
You can't do nothin' but love Fresh ha
You want to know what we gonna do next ha
You brought our tape with a check ha
You wearin' a vest ha
You tryin' to protect your chest ha
You spent seventy on your Benz ha
That ain't yours that's for your friends ha
You wanna stop these niggas from playing wit you ha
You wanna run the block ha
You wanna be the only nigga with rocks ha
You keep your gun cocked ha
You count the money at the end of the night ha
You on a three day flight ha
You full of that diesel ha
You duckin' them people ha
Your face was on the news last night ha
You the one that robbed them little dudes out they shoes last night ha
You don't go in the projects when it's dark ha
You claim you a thug and you ain't got no heart ha
You came in the 'Nolia on New Year's Eve ha
You got stuck in that bitch and couldn't leave ha
It was hard for you to breathe ha

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
You got a trespassin' charge ha
That dick got hard ha
When you were lookin' at them little broads ha
You don't know when to quit ha
That's you with that shot callin' shit ha
That's you with that ballin' shit ha
That's you that's takin' them hits ha
That ho don't know when to shut up her mouth ha
You gonna knock that ho teeth out ha
You done switched from Nike to Reebok ha
You twinkle your golds every time you leave your house ha
Them income tax checks out ha
You bout to flip that ha
You bout to go score you a gram ha
You gonna treat your nose ha
You bout to go put the dope dick on one of these ho ha
When you broke you drove ha
When you paid you got beau-coup places to go ha
You on top ha
You rob somebody shop ha
You don't even think you can be stopped ha
You ridin' in the Benz on twenty inch rims ha

[Hook][Mannie Fresh {talking}]
Turn it up
Turn it up
Turn it up

(Hook2x [children])
Ten ways to a G
Three situations - pay attention to me

[Fresh] Yeah, yeah
[Children] Ten!
[Fresh] First, ya gotta go get the chips
Scope out the section, tell 'em, "Go get the bricks."
[Children] Nine!
[Fresh] Then ya gotta find a place to meet
You better bring your heat cause them villains ain't sweet
[Children] Eight!
[Fresh] Ya better let your chick drop to get 'em
And follow that broad to make sure them people not with 'em
[Children] Seven!
[Fresh] Don't bring (?) around your house
Cause you don't want that heat pepper nowhere round your house
[Children] Six!
[Fresh] See how it come back before you start
And if it come short bring back everything you bought
[Children] Five!
[Fresh] Wait, if lil' daddy on the street
Cut the cake, hit the hood the next day about eight
[Children] Four!
[Fresh] And if you can't move it all, call your dog
Jam him up, and tell him, "Fool, me and you about to ball."
[Children] Three!
[Fresh] Split it up - four quarters-a-piece
And if y'all do that everyday, that's fifty-six-a-week
[Children] Two!
[Fresh] When the money start comin', keep sellin'
Don't buy nothin' special unless you got good credit
[Children] One!
[Fresh] Make sure you put some money aside
And in a month call the man and tell him, "Bring a extra five."

(Hook2x [children])
Ten ways to a G
Two situations - pay attention to me

[Children] Ten!
[Fresh] Gotta floss everyday of my life
Forget the price - get the ice, hit the club every night
[Children] Nine!
[Fresh] Buy the ball, let 'em know you a star
When everybody come outside to see the dubs on your car
[Children] Eight!
[Fresh] They gon' hate - so keep that tool
Scratch off and holler out the window, "Boy, I'm a fool!"
[Children] Seven!
[Fresh] When ya meet, take a broad to plug
And make sure that chic was the baddest broad in the club
[Children] Six!
[Fresh] Lay it down when you're comin' around - bumpin' the sound
Got the truck touchin' the ground
[Children] Five!
[Fresh] 2000 Range Rover, you see
Leather, wood, television all over it, B
[Children] Four!
[Fresh] Watch bracelet - wodie, shop daily
Everything them wannabe's got, I played it
[Children] Three!
[Fresh] Two dice on the block - keep it real
Bet the house that's about two-point-five-mill
[Children] Two!
[Fresh] Keep cheddar - what you got, I can match it
Ride everything chrome, rock everything platinum
[Children] One!
[Fresh] Keep shinin' 'til it burn me out
But never ever let the money, baby, turn me out

(Hook2x [children])
Ten ways to a G
One situation - pay attention to me

[Children] Ten!
[Fresh] Tell a broad, "Everything for free
You can shop 'til you drop, shorty, all on me."
[Children] Nine!
[Fresh] Number ten ain't nothin' but a lie
Don't buy the broad nothin', and I'm 'bout to tell you why
[Children] Eight!
[Fresh] Sell the skank a dream bigger than life
And she gon' stick around for the shoppin' spree, alright
[Children] Seven!
[Fresh] Tell your broad you know me, and we jam tight
And you like what I like, and you gon' be alright tonight
[Children] Six!
[Fresh] Nine times outta ten I went out with the broad you with
But that shouldn't stop you from doin' what you do, slick
[Children] Five!
[Fresh] Then turn to her - tell her you love her, and don't laugh
And if I had a penny, baby, then you got half
[Children] Four!
[Fresh] What's yours is mine, and what's mine is yurn
And you got it right now -
And that'll leave a-thousand dollars to my tax return
[Children] Three!
[Fresh] At this point, if you love me
You'll make my fantasies come true
And if she say, "What it is?" -
To sleep with your sister and you
[Children] Two!
[Fresh] Don't love these (?) - love yourself
And if you pay attention to this you'll have plenty of wealth
[Children] One!
[Fresh] I'm done, and I ain't got nothin' else to say
Cause I can't think of nothin' to rhyme with this shh..
Y'all have a nice day

[Children] Ten ways to a G
[Mannie Fresh] Good night, everybody
[Children] Ten ways to a G
[Mannie Fresh] Yeah, yeah, yeah
[Children] Ten ways to a G

[Mannie Fresh]
What?
What?
Now looky here

[Children]
Ten ways to a G

[Mannie Fresh {talking}]
I gave you three situations
And ten ways to deal with it
You see what I'm sayin'
If you apply that to your everyday-life
Whether you slingin', you dig
Ballin'
Or playin' on broads
You, too, can be scraped
I said scraped - that's right - scraped
See what I'm sayin'
And these (?)
I mean, we gotta get together - marry yourself, man
Cause ain't nobody gon' care 'bout yourself but yourself
Know what I'm sayin'
Go marry yourself, go on a honeymoon - treat yourself
I mean, cause can't nobody cheat on theyself
You gon' be with yourself, but you can't cheat on yourself
You know what I'm sayin'
Man, that's ballerrific
Stuntastic
And I like to say one more time: good night
Mmm-hmm
And tell myself, "Self, I am so enfatuated with you."

[Self]
Hey, thank you
I'm enfatuated with you, too

[Mannie Fresh]
Good night, self

[Self]
Good night
Good night, Mannie
I love you[B.G.]
I'm a young nigga, go by tha name B.G
Don't stunt, nigga, my K hold fifty
And I will use, in a minute you six feet
I refuse to lose, I issue blues
It'll be no clues
When I strike, you lose
I tip-toe light in Reebok shoes
Your issue's.. where I hang
You cannot stand without your pistol in your hand
You ain't no man
You get ran.. off tha set... like a bitch
And if you stay.. it's trigga play
Motherfucker, you get split
And once it's on, it's on, you all in
I'm comin' full force after tha hissin'
Stay off tha block.. cause everyday I spin tha ben
Without a grin
Hot Boy$ I represent.. to tha end
Just me and my girlfriend
We out to win
Still got ki's for ten
I get from B
Bring 'em straight in tha U.P.T
After tha pack it's chance for me off six deep
I front a nigga
Tried to play me, ain't playin' me
Thought it was all gravy
He got his issue

(Chorus4x [B.G.])
It's gon' be 187 after 187
It's gon' be blukah after blukah out my MAC-11
[Juvenile]
They got a lot of.. niggas tryin' ta.. get me killed
But I done flipped.. tha fuckin' script.. and played it real
Now I'm dippin'.. an Expidition.. around tha corner
And can do.. just about.. whatever I want
I'm money-rollin'.. and it's legal
And ain't no quittin' in tha Regal
Behind tha tints.. my chopper's spittin'
Me and Dougie.. fuck in (?), and showin' us in
It's like a movie.. they wanna do me.. it's on again
I know it's showin'.. how niggas scorin'.. I can hear ya talkin'
Niggas knowin'.. now they hoin'.. to me for offers
I can't holla.. don't have no powder.. until tomorrow
But I got a.. couple of dollars.. that you can borrow
Nigga, go
You're 'round my door.. you're drawin' heat
You can go.. but on this porch you destroyin' me
No exception.. at disrespectin'.. can't let it happen
Now you step in.. my fuckin' section.. talkin' 'bout jackin'

(Chorus4x)

[B.G.]
Duck.. nigga, duck
Cuz when I come I gon' bust.. fifty-plus
Don't give a fuck who in tha way
It's on you.. when I spray
Whoever hit, look here, it's on you
Tha B.G. and Juvenile.. tear it down
We get them pistols in our hand.. and act a clown
Niggas fucked up don't know.. what to expect
Cash Money liable to do anything next
Fly around your set in a private jet
Have your bitch next to me in a Corvette
Or ridin' on tha back of my motorbike
Around tha second line stun'n with tha loud pipes (vroom vroom)

[Juvenile]
We showcasin', bodies erasin'.. we want it all
Joe Killer.. told me be patient.. we gonna ball
Seven figures.. me and my niggas.. we comin' up
Gettin' rid of.. tha garbage litter.. with fifty-plus
Now we drainin'.. cuz that 'caine in-side of our nose
Niggas playin' it.. tha way we sayin' it.. to let you know

(Chorus6x)

[B.G.]
Juvenile and tha B.G
Juvenile and tha B.G
Juvenile and tha B.G
Represent tha U.P.T
Tha H.B., uh-huh
Juvenile and tha B.G
Represent Cash Money
Juvenile and tha B.G
Playa haters can't fade me
You can talk that shit if you wanna
I'll spin your corner
You'se a gonner[Baby]
Nigga can't out-stunt me when it come to these fuckin' cars, nigga
Believe that!

You know me - I don't need no introduction and shit
Ride Bentley's 'round the city on buttons, ya bitch
Arm hangin', wrist blingin' - just stun'n and shit
Drop the top, block is hot
Stay bumpin', ya bitch
B. Atrice get it right, don't tangle and twist it
Hit the club every night, drunk - drinkin' that Crissy
Niggas mad - don't like it cause I'm bangin' they bitches
When the light hit the ice, it twankle and glistens
Baby, Brian, B, Bubba - you can call me what you feel
Hoppin' out the platinum Hummer with the platinum grill
With the platinum pieces, and the platinum chains
With the platinum watches, and the platinum rings (platinum rings)
Nigga shit ain't changed, still doin' my thing
Still do it for the block - nuts hang and swing
You don't know another nigga that can stunt like me (stunt like me)
Big Tymer representin', nigga - the U.P.T

Hook [Baby, Lil' Wayne, Turk]
[Turk] I'mma a hard stun'n nigga like Evil Knievel
[Wayne] Jumpin' out Lex's and Hummers - showin' off for my people
[Baby] I'm the # 1 stunna
[Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what
[Baby] The # 1 stunna
[Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what

[Turk] James Bond, Jackie Chan, and that bitch, MacGyver
[Wayne] Private planes, Jaguars, Bentley's, and Prowlers
[Baby] I'm the # 1 stunna!
[Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what?
[Baby] The # 1 stunna!
[Wayne] Wh-what, wh-what, what?

[Baby]
I put dubs on cars - when I ride, I'm fly
We thugs, not stars, bitch - ride or die
Put bricks on blocks, nigga - cooked and cut
Juvie 'bout to hold the rocks, nigga, hook it up
Diamonds on my hoes' feet - when they walk, they spark
Diamonds in my fuckin' teeth - when I talk, I spark
Don't fuck around with beef - when it start, I spark
Me and my Hot Boy creeps - when it's dark, we spark
Just bought a new car, and I spent about a million
The motherfuckin' driver seat sittin' in the middle
Me and my son Weezy got a house by the water
I'll be fuckin' bad bitches (bad bitches, bad bitches)

[Lil' Wayne]
I be hittin' they daughters

[Baby]
I like my dick sucked fast

[Lil' Wayne]
I like to play with them rookies

[Baby]
I like to fuck 'em in they ass while he beat up the pussy
I'm the number-one stunna - you don't want my shit
I'mma stunt 'til I die, bitch, the shit don't quit

(Hook [Baby + Lil' Wayne])

[Juvenile]
Baby, pop the Cryst-al, and shine the jew-els
Get the Cadillac from Sewell with twenty-inch L's

[Lil' Wayne]
Boss B.,
Slow down in the Jag, you lost me

[Baby]
{tires squeal}
Slow down, Wayne - you know that's all on me

[Lil' Wayne]
But you know how slow the new Rolls Royce be
Come on - you know how slow the new Rolls Royce be

[Juvenile]
Baby, give me the ki's, give me the weed
Give me the G's, give me the Mack-10
Let me see happenin'
To me, these niggas laggin'

[Lil' Wayne]
What's up, Boss B
You ever got beef with a busta, you can call me
You know I keep a "blucka-blucka"
Hit 'em all week
Give me the keys to the bubble
I'm on y'all street
Juvenile (Juvenile)

[Juvenile]
Baby, let me get the keys to the Rover Truck
Man, let me get this beef shit over, bruh

[Lil' Wayne]
But wait
My nigga, Baby - he live on chrome
My nigga, Baby - he get his shine on

(Hook2x [Baby + Lil' Wayne])

[Baby {talking}]
Now, it's plain and simple, nigga
I ain't met a nigga yet
Could fuck with these Cash Money Hot Boys with these cars, nigga
See that new Monte Carlo, that's hot and on fire
That my dog, Fresh, had first
We got 'em on dubs
That Lexus - the new one - that come out in 2001 with the frog eyes
I got that bitch on dubs
And that Yu- the new Yukon, that's bubble-eye
I got that bitch on dubs
And that Mercedes Wagon, with the kit, that's kitted out
Look like it got frog eyes
That bitch on dubs
And I got that Benz that me and my dog bought for our bitches
We got this shit here on dubs
We all drive Bentley's on dubs
I'm tryin' to put platinum eyebrows on these hoes
I just bought me a platinum football field, nigga
Ya understand?
Don't fuck with me with these cars, nigga (at all, playboy)
We the number-one stunnas, nigga (Nigga, we don't give a fuck)
Got that Viper with them rattlin stripes, with that kit
Ya understand?
We ain't playin'
TV's in all our shit
Believe that, playboy
(Fuck your whole hood up)[Juvenile]:

You gone take them 5? Or you gone take them to the trial?
And go get denied?
By that probation and you just got, caught with that fry
That alibi ain't gone work
Ain't it somethin' how them niggas from out that three be doin' that dirt?
Score a quarter from oh-oh, rock it up by four-four
Then you can go in them hallways and smoke that fire all day
Shhhh....be quiet
Tonight is the night that we ride
Thirty camoflauge hummers with niggas inside
With choppers, doin', surgery on bodies like head doctors
Be quiet, cuz they mad tonight, we gone act a ass tonight
I'mma take a body to that project for a sacrifice
That Calliope got that dope for less
Fuck around that bitch if you want, and get left
Brains hangin' off the steps, people cryin'
Second line, T-shirtin', feet hurtin' from all of that twerkin'

Chorus

Calliope thug
3rd Ward Solja
Melphanine thug
3rd Ward Solja
P-S-E thugs
3rd Ward Solja
Wild Magnolia
3rd Ward Solja

Second Verse [Juvenile]:

I'm an optimal smokin', chopper totin'
Bustin' caps wide open
Top of line coatin', reebok sportin'
Expedition corner spender
Big fine woman bender, put the weight in the blender
Got big bags by rillas
Shiesty like a splinter, and empty out the braids in the center
U.P.T. fader remember
Follow me, follow me
Follow me now bitches we be some Hot Boys...
Run up on the 3 and you will get stopped boy
Follow me now bitches we be some Hot Boys...
Run up on the 3 and you will get stopped boy
Follow me now bitches we be some Hot Boys...
Run up on P-S-E and you will get stopped boy
Follow me now bitches we be some Hot Boys...
Run up on the third and you will get stopped boy
Follow me now bitches we be some Hot Boys...
Run up on the U and you will get stopped boy

Chorus

Third Verse [Manny Fresh & Magnolia Shorty]

[Manny Fresh]

I'm from the seventh ward, and I believe in God
I drive seven thirty-five's and I love these broads
I wear Girbaud jeans, and I bought my green
Camoflauge over our eyes that's how we do these things
I run with Juvenile, that nigga so wild
Get buck like the fuck I'm glad I use Dial
Now who the fuck I are? I'm a superstar
Ca$h Money rules everything around me bruh

[Magnolia Shorty]

Shop on that Ramp, shop in the Lio and Josephine
Shop in that Nolia, that Valence Street and P-S-E
They got some Hot Boys that represent that U.P.T.,
And where they be, three hundred and fifty degrees
Shop on that Ramp, shop in that Lio and Josephine
Shop in that Nolia, that Valence Street and P-S-E
That got some Hot Boys that represent that U.P.T.,
And where they be, three hundred and fifty degrees

Chorus

[Crowd of people]

Gert-Town, Downtown, and Holly Grove can't fuck with the Melph and the Calio
I told ya, I told ya, them boys don't want beef with the Nolia
And I warned ya, and I warned ya
Can't fuck with that 10th ward St. Thomas
And on the V.L., and on the V.L., can't fuck with them boys on V.L
Apple and Eagle so real they come, that's the only real niggas in Carrollton
Gert-Town, Downtown and Holly Grove can't fuck with the Melph and the Calio
I told ya, I told ya, them boys don't want beef with that Nolia
And I warned ya, and I warned ya
Can't fuck with that 10th Ward St. Thomas
3rd Ward ho, Mac and the Melph, Calio
3rd Ward ho, Mac and the Melph, Calio
3rd Ward ho, Mac and the Melph, Calio
3rd Ward ho, Mac and the Melph, Calio

[Juvenile]

Lights on, mask on creep silent
Lights gone, we done left your block quiet
Lights on, mask on creep silent
Lights gone, we done left your block quiet
What you niggas know about them 3rd Ward thugs?
What you niggas know about them Holly Grove?
What you niggas know about them Hot Boy thugs?
What you niggas know about CMR thugs?
Ahhh, you bitch you[Intro: Vocoder Voice]
400 degreez

[Verse 1: Juvenile]
Ya see me I eat sleep shit and talk rap
Ya seen that 98 Mercedes on t.v. I bought that
I had some felony charges I fought that
Been sent to no return but still was brought back
Nigga threw some slangs at me whodie I caught that
I punished them lil bitches before they can car jack
Now I'm lookin for they family and pile up the war bat
If I ain't a hot boy then what do you call that
Nigga disrespect me I'mma be in all black
Companied by some niggas bout killin' and all that
Me Cory and Mercy gettin' dunked on
Ride top down so we let the trucks pause
In the jeep ridin' four deep
I booted up at these nigga claimin' they know me

[Hook: Vocoder Voice]
You don't want to fuck wit me
Hot, Hot, Hot Boyz
Hot, Hot, Hot Boyz

[Verse 2]
Bitch what I'll bust yo ass up
Don't even go there whodie cuz I'm ready to mask up
I heard about the money thats some nice change
For the right price I'll bust the right brain
Why must a nigga try I can't do the right thing
Only God knows what the future might bring
Nigga might be shive, nigga might be triflin'
Nigga might survive if he bout that rifling
Whats up that'll stop a nigga from playin'
Something like a chopper or a grenade in his hand
Boy look nigga don't play no games no mo
Nigga'll bust ya head if you bang his ho
Attitude adjustments we all need
Don't call the enforcements nigga call me
I bet cha I'll get them niggas off yo block
I bet cha I'll show them niggas this boy hot

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Alright stop it cause I done had enough
When it comes to my pockets I'm ready to bust
Baby let me get the keys to the roover truck
Man let me get this beef shit over bruh
Ain't no bit this year I'm from the 'Nolia bruh
Whats yo beef plan cuz it was told to us
How I'mma be runnin' with these killas and backin' down
How I'mma look in front of my people, like a clown
Tha G code what we live by and we die by
The book is what we will never abide by
Niggas drive by, gettin' loose
Beefing with each other like the Checker Board and Goose
Come in Compton or the Watts nigga
Up in New York ya keep'em open watch nigga
Foe ya played by a hit or retalion
All fine young black females stallions
Give me the keys to ya car and ya medallion
You far away from ya home you's an alien

(Chorus)[B.G.]
You know we don't drop hits, uh-uh
We drop classics nigga, uh-huh
Cash Money, c'mon, get at me nigga

Nigga thuggin, is in my blood and my genes
All the niggas I fuck with they bling bling
V.L. is my block my hood my set nigga
Uptown is the spot where you get put to the test nigga
Best be bout unloadin a Tec nigga
You better protect your head, fuck the chest nigga
I run with the killers guerillas and the headbusters
I grew up with murderers and hustlers you can't trust 'em
I been cut-throatin niggas for a while now
I stay to tapin and whoopin ballers who got plots
Of birds or chickens or ki's or bricks, whatever
Click clack! I got to have it, no matter
What, the, situation be
I'm bout my fetti my dollars my loot my grip my green
UPT 13 and CMB
Is what I represent for life and I'm H-O-T nigga

(4, minutes, left!)

[Juvenile]
Dis bitch off the hook! Nigga never sleep
Dis bitch full of crooks, they hunt for the weak
Niggas comin home tryin to hit 'em a lick
Wanna bounce from a quarter ounce up to a brick
Dem old side niggas, them new side niggas
Might get loaded but they do ride niggas
They second line, but right after it's all over
The block party jumpin at Washington in Magnolia
They smokin weed, they slangin D they sellin ki's
While bitches shakin they ass in the middle of the street
You representin? It better be M-A-G
Or niggas gon' get mad and, never let you leave
Where am I? 6th Street and Hadley
Willow Street, Robertson and T.C
It's on fire from the wars they cause
A bunch of ignorant motherfuckers wearin camoflauge

(3, minutes, left!)

[Lil Wayne]
Yes, one-seven nigga, look
Niggas step down to the nasty, filthy, dirty
Holly Grove, Carrington, 17 you heard me?
Need them, birdies? You should see Weezy
Prices, cheaper than the average, ki's be
We be, thuggers, stunners, hustlers
Kidnap mothers, rape with no rubbers
What the, hell? What is that I smell?
No it's not but it's a dead body by the canal
My grill, platinum; necklace, platinum
Rolex, platinum; Hot Boy, ask him
Blunts, we pass 'em; guns, we have 'em
We do not flash 'em unless we gon' blast 'em
My clothes, Rees, Tees, Girbauds
Fo'-fo's, semi-automatic calicos
Brrrrrrr! Reload - *tch-chk* explode
Let it be told, I'm from Holly Grove, what?

(2, minutes, left!)

[Turk]
Look.. look, look
Plenty of diamonds in my Rolex
Two karats on my finger, ten around my fuckin neck
It's a must everyday that I keep my pockets fat
Got so many haters that's why I stay strapped on my gat
I bust back back leave yo' bitch ass flat
Trust that if you play with me I dress in black
That's a fact don't make me click up with Karen and Brad-Brad(?)
You head your lose that, ain't no comin back back, I'm tellin you
Play with me your people people gon' be smellin you
Make me pop and throw, six niggas gon' carry you
People don't have no money they can't bury you
Don't have no insurance you be in the freezer a week or two
Bought that insurin yourself cousin
Get it how you live it nigga when they come cousin
Gun I'mma peel it nigga you can run cousin
Gun click get hit and you get stung cousin, stung cousin

(I hope you got the message!)[Lil Wayne talking]
It's the real shit, yeah
500 Degreez this time biotch
Yes sir, you already know

[Lil Wayne verse 1]
You see me? I eat, sleep, shit, and talk snaps; so fuck rap
Man I got weed, pills, pistols, all crack
Bitch niggas where ya hearts at?
Ya'll ain't stuntin' like us
Bitch niggas where ya cars at?
They like, "Wayne why the fuck you dressed in all black?"
I'm about to bring CMR back
And all the lames, we done lost that
And all we got is Weezy, Weezy, and Lil' Weezy to fall back
I'm about to lock it from the summer to the fall and back
"Its Weezy baby!" The ballers back
And the wheels on my car you got all of that
Stop playing, I've been balling jack
You don't want my Glock spraying - I hit all them cats
You don't want my stomach ache - I shit on them cats
I get all them gats - Fresh and B it's all a rap!
If I'm the only Hot Boy what do you call that?

[Hook]
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
You don't want to fuck with Weezy

[Lil Wayne]
Bitch what? I'll bust ya ass up
Don't even go there round
Niggas get your cash up
We probably need to clash up
And shit got me 'bout ass up
They finding niggas in they shit with they ass up
It ain't October 31st but we gone mask up - and guess what
And I heard they got a nice chain
And for the right price I'll bust the right brain
And mommy hot cause pull up in that white thang
Yo nigga might be fly but I still get trifling
Riding through the city just me and my friend
Friday night special, professional tight aim
A gangsta is who you hearing
Me in my building with 20 bricks in the ceiling
I'm more real than, I got more scrill than
Got more skill than them there
I'm a Cash Money Millionaire

[Hook]
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy
Hot, Hot, Hot Boy

[Lil Wayne]
Baby let me get the keys to the rover
No, let me get the keys to the house in Eastover
So I can throw a 500 Degreez platinum party, then the after party
Me and my Squad stomping in this bitch, fuck a Kappa party
Don't go to rapper parties - I'm no rapper man
But when the homies come home we throw a monster jam
And all my people tote chrome - we some monsters man
We gone mob to the promise land
I bought big - I'm a Tymer man
Son of a Stunna - still a girl fuck with a hustler!
Weezy keep it gutter for ya Baby Bubba
Baby blue Mercedes Coupe - Got it bullet proof
Make me shoot my 80 duke at your fucking roof
You're fucking with a big dog, nigga fucking woof
Mr. S-Fucking-Q - I'm the fucking truth
Three stripes, maybe Nikes, lot of ice fucking ooohf!
That's 500 Degreez!

[Hook]
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy
Hot, Hot, Hot Boy
Bitch get your mind right, Bitch get your mind right[B.G.]
You know me can't get caught without my chopper
Loaded with D-D, I'm itchin' to see I got cha
B.G. labeled as a bust back nigga
Can't let yo chrome put holes in me, fuck that nigga
If you don't hit me up and I get another chance nigga
That's dat ass nigga, and you could trust that nigga
I put it on my first bomb like 50 states
I got 50 rounds to split yo motherfucking grape
I hope you don't think you could get away
Because I ain't gon let you get away
And you can ride deez

[Lil' Wayne]
Load it up pull it back then aim
Bust and release 50 flame in hang
Bullets slang like crack cocaine
50 niggas always riding wit Lil Wayne
My rees string up bo's fall halfway
I'm jumpin out a tree with a camouflaged AK
I spots my target and let'em go in the wind
Bullets fly by (chu chu) blow in the wind
One afta' another and another
How they come slippin out the clips
See 'em flip and hm hum

[B.G.]
You see how Hot Boys play it now
When we coming for yo issue wodie lay it down
Cause if you don't you done piss me clean off
Ya history dog believe 50 shots gone set it off
Me, Wayne, Juve, and Turk coming show you through
Four niggas with 50 shots that's 200 at you

[Wayne]
They burn ah ah on da real
They damage fa' flip and turn ah
Face be on a bandana fa'
Niggas scattered like sand
Cause I got sluggs up in my hand
50 marching like a band
Niggas crumble like cans ah ah hold yo horses
I gotta K with 50 choices ah ah chose one
I set it off to bluse one

(Chorus) Set it off, set it off 50 shots gonna set it off (10x)

[Turk]
Killing you niggas ain't no thang
I'm quick to let dat chopper rang
Beef keep frozen but when it melts
I do my thang 50 shots to set it off
Real quick bitch niggas get left
Where they can't be found fuckin with me
I got some niggas on my side that will ride or die with me
Craig, Ron, Randy a ride or die with me
They will bust a head with me from the scene they fled with me
My fucking rounds when I drawn down they gon draw down with me
I acts wild when I come through no time to watch out
50 shots with no doubt, blood gon' rush out
Niggas could run up and get done up if they want
Think I'm gon' hestiate nigga I won't
I tear it down yo whole block
With the chopper chop down your whole spot
You thinkin I'm fake nigga you better not
50 shots to set it off, you get flopped off the top

(Chorus repeat)

[Juvenile]
Welcome to Magnolia 'nam soldier with bombs
Mama knew I would blow up cause I've been calm for too long
For the presidents be the evil, they got me bustin' at people
Fuck if this shit's illegal, I gotta fix up my regal
For the shit that apply me, sending out no apologies
Now I got 50 niggas loyal to die for me
Look what the devil done to me
Running with beef punish the streets
Na we each gotta knock a head off at least
A bunch of empty shells
Walking no talking plotting for power
Going riding in sour fo' heroin, rocks, powder
Tommorrow not promised
I got so much niggas behind us hungry piranhas
With intensions of bein' tymers
Fuck sitting around for the revolution to jump off
Look I'm bout my issue 50 shots gon' set it off

(Chorus til end)[Verse 1]
Ah ha, look
You'll never see me hangin' from no tree
You would see me hoppin' out a new Bentley
You'll never catch me broke on my ass
You would catch me gettin' head in a Jag
Won't see me jockin' a hoodrat ho
Would see me browsin' on a Benz show floor
Never no more see me on a block with rocks
Stuffed in my 'Bauds: see two plastic Glocks
You won't see me with this ride I rented or stole
Only when I'm in it if it's a two-triple-o
That's the new life for lil' B.G
Bubbles and Hummers, Burbans with TV's
Beamers and 'Lacs, bikes, Tahoe's and Volvo's
Prowlers and PT Cruisers for lo-lo's
Change the paint on Excursions - drop her when we swervin'
Change the letter from Ford to Hot Boy, ya heard me

(Hook-2x [B.G.])
Ah ha - I'm shinin', I'm blingin', I'm iced out
Ah ha - so hot, hoes can't keep my name out they mouth
Ah ha - I ride Benz, Jags, and fly jets
Ah ha - gotcha wonderin' what Geezy gon' do next

[Verse 2]
You'd see me pimpin' a Bentley, blunted out
In a Benz on my way to the line, stunted out
Hoes see me comin', they runnin' out
To the street to hop in the passenger seat to give me mouth
You know it's very often you'd see
Out in the streets, nigga flossin' like B.G
When I do it, I do it like no one else
Chain fuck their vision up - got 'em hollerin' "help"
So you know it gotta be nice, gotta be bright
Nothin' less than ten karats 'll stop blue ice
Baguettes 'round the end - all in the middle: flooded
It's princess-cutted - can't do nothin' but love it
That's a example for "Hater, don't give me my props"
Can't be 'round that type cause he'll baller block
Fuck with me, your head missin' - the bitch gone
Body alone
Nigga, I'm tryin' to get my shine on

(Hook-2x [B.G.])

[Verse 3]
Neck worth twenty, wrists worth forty, ears worth ten
But to me that ain't nothin' to spend
Car worth eighty, inside worth 'bout thirty
Can't put it on the street 'til buttons on her feet
But the gear don't change: still wear Ree's, still wear 'Bauds
Still wear T's - you know how it go
Now check this out: crib plushed out, worth about a mill
One on the water, one on the hill
Game don't change - still hustle to maintain
Ten stacks a month of bills to contain
Now, I'm "Bling Bling Slim" - you know him
Keep work stashed in all four of my rims
Two pearl Glocks: one in my hand, one taped to the dash
Cause I gotta ride like that
Stay schemin' on paper, and more paper
Cause I wanna be - gotta be - number-one bling-blinger

(Hook [B.G.])
Ah ha - I'm shinin', I'm blingin', I'm iced out
Ah ha - so hot, hoes can't keep my name out they mouth
Ah ha - I ride Benz, Jags, and fly jets
Ah ha - gotcha wonderin' what Geezy gon' do next

Ah ha - I'm shinin', I'm blingin', I'm iced out
Ah ha - so hot, hoes can't keep my name out they mouth
Ah ha - I ride Benz, Jags, and fly jets
Ah ha - gotcha wonderin' what Geezy gon' do next

Ah ha - I'm shinin', I'm blingin', I'm iced out
Ah ha - so hot, hoes can't keep my name out they mouth
Ah ha - I ride Benz, Jags, and fly jets
Ah ha - gotcha wonderin' what Geezy gon' do next

Ah ha - I'm shinin', I'm blingin', I'm iced out
Ah ha - so hot, hoes can't keep my name out they mouth
Ah ha - I ride Benz, Jags, sometimes Vettes
Uh-oh - gotcha wonderin' what Geezy gon' do next

[B.G.: talking]
Ah ha, ah ha
Ah ha
Ah ha, ah ha - didn't expect that (uh-uh)
Ah ha, ah ha - got your mind right (get it right and keep it right)
Nigga (What?)
What's up? ( What's up?)Hey Hey Hey!

[Hook]
Because the cops is watchin the streets is talkin
Ya hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful
Ya niggas ain't loyal you niggas ain't lawyers
And everybody saw you and ain't that a bitch!

And this here is the Carter oh! yo! And this here is the Carter yo! oh!
This one here is just to clarify the fact that I'm a muthafuckin mack
This one here is just to verify the fact that I got straps on my back
This one here is just to clarify the fact that the boy is back! Oh!

[Verse One]
Slick as I wanna be born to be hustla gonna be rich till I'm gone
Gonna keep spittin this shit for the hustlaz gonna keep livin this shit I'm gutless
Bet I'm gonna reap this when I'm gone defeat this while I'm here
Gonna keep beatin this street shit in ya ear
Gonna speak in every single street this year
My shit beat in every jeep on every street this year
Wizzle F Baby, y'all niggas can have the Weezy
I'm the Birdman Jr., junior
I'm a man to another man to a bitch I'm a pimp in the whip I'm a hundred grand
And in the streets I'm a money man
And I'm a hunt it with the streets I get money in the streets like a hundred men
A hundred proof in my other hand
If ever fall spring back like a rubberband know what I'm sayin

[Hook]
Because the cops is watchin the streets is talkin
Ya hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful
Ya niggas ain't loyal you niggas ain't lawyers
And everybody saw you and ain't that a bitch
The cops is watchin streets are talkin
Hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful
Ya niggas ain't loyal you niggas ain't lawyers
And everybody saw ya and ain't that a bitch

[Verse Two]
Now all the bitches got me strollin wit my dick in my hand
And these niggas got me rollin with my clip on my hip
But this is my land so prick dont trip cause K's dont jam and a nigga dont miss
They tellin me I'm the shit like a nigga dont piss
But nigga dont slip cause I'll kill a punk bitch Word Up!
And I dont affiliate with niggas I dont love neither bitches just money and drugs nigga
Leave ya bitches ya money and drugs nigga
Three to ya wisdom five more to ya mug nigga
How many more do ya love nigga
Cause I got plenty more to give out I ain't never been a mouthpiece
Ask ya reverend 'bout me, I'm the Young God
Aim the shotgun at ya frame and bust boy
Brain and guts leak in the drain and such pour
Plain yuk at a fuck boy. Fuck Boy!

[Hook]

[Verse Three]
I'm a muthafuckin man so respect me as one or the tech meet ya ass son
The tech heat ya ass son put ya fuckin chest beneath ya ass son
Blooka blook blap bleep ya ass son (laughin)
Nigga tryin to see his grandson and we
Got niggas in the pen tryin to see me wit a Grammy
Wanna be me and don't even understand me
Could'nt see me even if you was standin with me
I'm that damn convincing not invisible that mans invincible
And advance a little due to the pine
My niggas call me Little Russell Crowe for my beautiful mind
And I let you do the time I do the crime
When the crowd call my name I bring my crew to the line
Nigga thats S.Q. and we fine nigga thats S.Q. and we firrin Nigga!

[Hook] - 4X

Ha! Wizzle F Baby fa ya muhfuckin neck nigga
Got Streets in da buildin Gotti in the buildin
KL, Fee Fee in the buildin Rome, DI, Ceeti...[Intro - Mannie Fresh] + (Rick Ross)
Okaaaay, I'm reloaded (Ain't expect this)
The homey, Elvis Freshly (Uh, Huuh) and Rick Ross-teen (Nigga)
He Back (I see ya, nigga)
I'm back (I smell that money)
I'm back (Yeah)
I'm back (Talk to me, nigga)
It's nowhere to go

[Hook - Mannie Fresh] + (Rick Ross)
I'm talkin Japanese Denim (Boss), money stuffed in 'em
Got the coolest of the cars and the baddest of the women (Whaaaat)
(All I have in this world (Boss), all I have in this world (Boss)
All I have in this world (Boss), all I have in this world (Boss))
(Boss) Heeeey, I'mma work it on the corner (Yeah), work it on the block (Yeah)
Work it till they love me, baby work it till it's hot (Boss)
(All I have in this world (Boss), all I have in this world (Boss)
All I have in this world (Boss), all I have in this world (Boss))

[Verse 1 - Rick Ross]
I lift the system in the house and I let's my bitch drive
Twenty disc changer, I goes to disc 5
No it's not the silent treatment I let's the bitch vibe
Fire up the kush, She hit it, "Now this fire!"
Now imagine how she look with cat eyes and thick thighs
Put her on the payroll 'cuz flat out she get's down
See that ass from the side that's before she sits down
And her mouth get wet as a bottle of Cristal
Niggas lookin at me, pa but I'm packin a pistol
Fuck kicked out, bitch I'm tearin this shit down
Yeah my chevy sittin high so it's hard to get down
Watch that dick standin up, girl it's hard to get down
Got them chickens in the trap so I hardly sit down
Some problem Alphabet Boys get them charges to stick now
Bitch, you ain't gotta guess it's me and Mannie Fresh
You know we gettin money by the way a nigga dress

[Hook - Mannie Fresh]
I'm talkin Japanese Denim, money stuffed in 'em
Got the coolest of the cars and the baddest of the women
(All I have in this world, all I have in this world
All I have in this world, all I have in this world)
Heeeey, I'mma work it on the corner, work it on the block
Work it till they love me, baby work it till it's hot
(All I have in this world, all I have in this world
All I have in this world, all I have in this world)

[Verse 2 - Rick Ross]
Smokin on sativa, name of the reefer
The cloud so thick pussy nigga I don't see ya
Your ho so thick pussy nigga she don't see ya
Your ho so thick pussy nigga she don't need ya
My hoes so thick pussy nigga they ain't nothin
I don't love that ho pussy nigga there ain't nothin
My money so long his money ain't nothin
My money in front of me his money just frontin
You know the routine still movin a few things
Rollin on two beams in them new blue jeans
Japanese Denim money stuffed in 'em
Twenty something cars, motherfucker I'm winnin

[Hook - Mannie Fresh]
I'm talkin Japanese Denim, money stuffed in 'em
Got the coolest of the cars and the baddest of the women
(All I have in this world, all I have in this world
All I have in this world, all I have in this world)
Heeeey, I'mma work it on the corner, work it on the block
Work it till they love me, baby work it till it's hot
(All I have in this world, all I have in this world
All I have in this world, all I have in this world)

[Verse 3 - Rick Ross]

Sippin on that Remy outside of the club
Got me trippin like I'm Remy outside of the club
Yeah them bitches comin with me I'm shinin like a bug
I don't even think it's trickin just temporary love
Chickens pullin on my shirt I'm just worried about the chains
Tattoos cover 80 percent of the Don's frame
Cancel it and unless I debut LeBron James
Came back Mike Vick I buried ya dog brains
Y'all ducks want the birds if not just keep walkin
Got the top down and I'm feelin like Steve Austin
You know the routine still movin a few things
Rollin on two beans in them new blue jeans

[Hook - Mannie Fresh]
I'm talkin Japanese Denim, money stuffed in 'em
Got the coolest of the cars and the baddest of the women
(All I have in this world, all I have in this world
All I have in this world, all I have in this world)
Heeeey, I'mma work it on the corner, work it on the block
Work it till they love me, baby work it till it's hot
(All I have in this world, all I have in this world
All I have in this world, all I have in this world)

[Outro - Rick Ross]

Boss(Lil Wayne)
You know it's Wheezy you know
Nigga you know it's Wheezy you know
You know it's Wheezy you know
Who Squideye

(Verse 1: Lil Wayne)
I ain' just jumped off da porch playboy
I been thuggin on da block
Fist clutchin' on da Glock
Who Bout it
Motherfucker let me know shit
Y'all wit that ho shit
I keep the 4 grip
Hollowed tips fill the whole clip
Trippin' ya feel da whole clip
Get It
I'm on some mo shit
Quad Mafia blow Shit
Never slept for dough or no bitch
I only want a ho for those lips to lick my whole clique
And load the bitch wit coke and shit and send her on a road trip
I'm so sick wit it
Dick nigga what is your purpose
I'm off the surface
Platinum merchandise shining perfect
For certain firearms
This verse seem like it's dirty squiddy
Put bullets in yo shirt and fitted if you jerkin wit me
? pops don't yourself the next statistic
You may be hard but seeing your chopped off is less convincing
Which nigga want it
Holla at me I'll be at the top
With cha wife slobbing on my cock
And your kids calling me pop I can't be stopped

(Hook: Lil Wayne) 2x

Okay
They run in yo place four straight to yo face
These Niggas don't play
Believe me shit ain all right
They cut off all lights
And they ridin' all night
Till some shit that you don't like let's go

(Verse 2: Turk)
Nigga look here you can play wit me or my dogs If ya won't
And watch how quick yo bitches wind up gettin' left faunked
I dress in black rat a tat tat leave ya flat nigga
At any given time you gonna see that nigga
Lil Turk and Wheezy straight thugged out
We got choppers wit 50's that'll clear it out
You could test the nuts If ya won't round
You know you done fucked up so it's goin' down
Get fulla dat one on one and we don't give a fuck
It's you or me, me or you nigga so what's up
Now tell me, Is you really bout dat beef shit
Bringin dat heat shit, killin yo peeps shit
Cuz If you not then it's best you stay your distance nigga
Cuz when we pull da trigger look we ain' missing nigga
I'm a hit cha in yo melon split it to da fat
Leave yo moms on da front level draped in black
Hook 2x

(Verse 3 Lil Wayne & Turk)

(Lil Wayne)
Fuck wit a turn or bed for bags, bitches, or bread
And we mash quickly in a drout and blast snitches they scared
Take snap pictures for fedz we blast riches and ice
Snatch at night get em back depending the price
Livin the last minutes of life and we do it huge
My whole crew 'll does whos background to screw
And we feud wit anyone to two shatter ya cabin
Come around ya block niggas disappear like abra cadabra

(Turk)
Lil turk don't play nigga look betta recognize
When my finger get ta fuckin all you niggas gon die
Hit cha set in camoflague 50 shots what I fire
Lay down and get cha mind right I bet cha won't survive
I put that on everthing against anything ya bet
If a nigga get it twisted get holes in his chest
? vest ain no way you protect it
Last nigga got bust up cuz he disrespected

Hook til endFa sho
I got my gat
So you know what that means

It's a bust back thang, I ain't goin' out like a ho
When you comin' to get me I got the four four
When you come to down me playa please don't miss
Cuz that don't do nothin' but get my trigga finga pissed
If I live I live, if I die it's cool
Cuz I know for sure when I was here that I was a fool
If you gone drill me come on and drill me
It's all good cuz I got some people to see
While I'm here I'm gettin' full all the time gettin' blunted
My company on the move we bought the benz 500
A.K.'s and Glocks, in the back the Lexus jeeps
Havin' big baller parties every other week
This is the clique nigga 2-2-6
Black Connection nigga again the code is 2-2-6
Droppin' dope hits, takin' a nigga bitch
While you're on that flight, I'm bustin' nuts in your wife
All assault rifles, the weapons that's on my team
S.K's, A.K's, M-1's and car beams
Fulfillin' dreams, goin' to the top nigga
Don't playa hate cuz we'll still hit'cha block nigga
Baby Gangsta ain't nothin' nice
A young nigga trigga happy that'll put it in your life
I ain't right, represent Uptown to the fullest
Finger on the trigga and I'm ready to pull it

Chorus:
Got my finger on the trigga, what'cha gone do?
What'cha gone do? Nigga that's All On U
Got my finger on the trigga, what'cha gone do?
What'cha gone do? Nigga that's All On U
Got my finger on the trigga, what'cha gone do?
Uptown on the way, Bitch so let us through
Got my finger on the trigga, what'cha gone do?
Downtown get out the way cuz that's All On U

You could, take it how you wanna, bring it how you feel
My niggas is conscienceless and we kill or be killed
Fuck doin' drive-bys man we do a pull up
The nigga on the passenger side automatically die
From several gunshot wounds to the head
On the scene he dead Chopper City niggas fled
Won't you listen to Ziggy get your car doors bullet proof
It's rainin' choppers so get a bullet proof roof too
You got yay? I don't know it nigga
Nine-six you gettin' nabbed so you best not show it nigga
Cuz that's when you blow it nigga
Your door get kicked in, we want your yay
High powered AK, false move and your face no trace
Beat the case, go to the weight
Make sure it ain't a fake
I want your nameplate, cash, and your Versace shoes
If you stingy gettin' plucked nigga that's All On U

Chorus

Street shit is what I'm into
You got it I'm comin' to get you
Don't hesitate nigga or the B.G. gone have to split you
I'm down for whatever I'm a ass with that chopper
If you playin' with me then them fifty shots gone stop ya
No bullshittin' nigga my dream is to make a mil
Paper chasin' ain't no fakin' playa haters get killed
Young trill Baby Gangsta into pimpin' them hoes
But before I trick the hoes my money goes to my nose
And fat opthimals, T-shirts and Girbauds
Solja Reeboks straight stickin' to the G-code
Uptown is the home of the car-jackers
Robbers, gangsta rappers, headsplitters and kidnappers
Better than seed, is the way I shop for that D
Not the 17th, the real niggas in that 3
Play wit em, hard head niggas they split em
Raw dope they sell it, I get it I can tell it
How it go, back up or get banged nigga
Street smarts the game nigga
Gotta let em hang nigga
Pussy nigga got beef wit the night creepers
Me, brotha and Diesel ridin' with them street sweepers
Old nigga wanna slang, without a clique?
He don't wanna share, so we gone ride on that bitch
We bout to turn your block to a war zone
I'm warning you to bring the little kids in they home
Cuz when we spin the bin bullets just get to spit
I gave you fair warning so if you hit you hit
Cuz I ain't slackin' when I do what I gotta do
Stop bein' nosey Bitch, but that's All On U

Chorus (2x)[Intro - Mannie Fresh]
Niggas, bitches, bitch ass niggas
Dyke ass hoes, black ass, bright ass hoes
Fags, hags, and scalawags, get y'all motherfuckin' ass on the floor
It's about to go down like a motherfuckin' plane crash ya heard
It's about to burn like a bad ass perm
Ya boy, Mannie Fresh, with Young Jeezy ya heard

[Hook - Young Jeezy and (Mannie Fresh)]
First I'm gone stack my flo' (And then what?)
Then I'm gone stack some mo' (And then what?)
Close shop then I do my count
Hide the rest of the yams at my auntie house(And then what?)
Get fresh and jump in one of dem cars (Yeah)
Hit the club and get one of dem broads (And then what?)
It's a wrap, we on the way to the house; by 3:45 I be kickin' her out

[Verse 1 - Young Jeezy]
Patty cake, patty cake, microwave
Suckas make a square, goddamn I'm paid (ha ha)
I'm so cool, but I'm so hot, and
I'm, I'm so fly, and you, you're so not (nope)
Show me what you're workin' with just like that (like that)
Turn around, bend over, bring it back (bring it back)
Snowman and Mannie Fresh bring it back (bring it back)
It's Mannie Fresh and Snowman, it's a wrap
Strapped up in the club, yeah I'm so crazy
These other rappers actors like Patrick Swayze (ha ha)
I tried to tell 'em but these niggas ain't hearin' me
Mossberg pump I'm ridin' shotgun literally (daaamn)
Live from the projects, you know what it is
Ay, Snowman, (what up), can I get a ad lib? (yeahhhhhhh)
Get the club crunk, can't take that from me
Ain't dropped yet, still got Lil' Jon money

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Young Jeezy]
I see you lookin', with you lookin' ass
Catch Snowman in the kitchen with his cookin' ass (cheaa)
I'm so clean, but I'm, I'm so grimey (alright)
So dirty but yet, I'm so shiny
My nigga Kinky B told me finish my meal
Def Jam, seven figures, we can finish the deal (yeaaah)
Some say I lucked up; I call it perfect timing (yeah)
Nigga I can't lose; the whole city's behind me

[Hook]

[Verse 3- Young Jeezy]
I got million dollar dreams and federal nightmares (ay)
We pop Cris' my nigga, and still drink beers (dat's riiight)
What did you expect man, I came from nothin' (nothin)
Real street nigga and wouldn't change for nothin' (nah)
Got my niggas out the hood, it's such a wonderful feeling (chea)
Three car garage with the twelve foot ceilings (ay)
It oughta be a crime just to feel this good
I swear it oughta be a crime just to be this hood (ayy)

[Hook][Verse 1: Lil' Wayne]
This is where them niggas die fast, sell bricks and buy bags
They dodge class to hit the block and go find cash
If you try to pass, take my advice: drive fast
Cause, my man, ain't no escaping when shots blast
You wonder why the cops keep circling, niggas murdering
I ain't never saw 'em before, tonight we twurkin' 'em
Niggas wearin' masks like glasses
Niggas got on tank tops and a pair of Reebok classics
Pants to my knees cause the Glock make it slouch
I can't talk right now, I got three rocks in my mouth
And, wodie, when we enter niggas freeze up like it's winter
And if a nigga whisper, pistols eat him up for dinner
Seventeen representer you don't like it, do somethin'
And I'll bet you'll see a nigga outside 'bout two-somethin'
And we like to dress in all black up in my residence
Ain't got on no suits cause we ain't tryin' to be presidents

[Hook x2: Lil' Wayne & Birdman]
Nigga, we done moved more coke, than a nigga could know
More money, more cars, than a nigga could show
And more ice cheap price, than a nigga could score
And hit blocks with Glocks, make 'em get on the floor

[Verse 2: Birdman]
Nigga waking up to alley cats and rats
Project bitches that tote gats
Niggas kicking the dope, but the crack done smack back
Lil' niggas runnin' through the hallways
While other niggas playin' ball made a court in the driveway
Things ain't the same where I use to play
It's guns and broads
New cars, neighborhood superstars, and hoes smoking cigars
Lil' ones sitting on the car
Watchin' the bus hollering "Them people comin!" when that blue car pull up
I'm tired of catchin' cuts, and bendin' corners
I got that work got youngsters on all four corners
You got the quarters, and you got them halves
I got the quarter ki's, and Fresh got the slabs
Ten a ki is the price if you want a brick
And if you don't know that, nigga, tax the bitch

[Hook x2]

[Mannie Fresh]
It's the return of the click-clackin' downtown pistol packin'
Y'all remember me from back in
The '89 era when killers use to wear mascara
And run through the court causin' terror
Random riot gunshots, government-issued Glocks
That's bakin' soda added with that odor now you got clatch pots
Niggas went from (?) to frozen cups
To catchin' cuts, to big ole nuts
Shorty, I been on missions
Jackin' niggas for Balley competitions
Stickin' guns in bustas' backs
Everybody, come out your Polos and your Zodiacs
But that was back in the days
See, niggas done changed they ways
Went from snug-nose-38's to hand grenades
Now it's a must that niggas bust back when they get cussed at
Or fussed at
Nine-millimeters, Glocks, pumps, riot guns, niggas can trust that

[Hook x4]

[Outro: Birdman]
Y'all got to understand
We got this shit on lock, wodie
If you ain't makin' money you ain't doin' what you suppose to
I understand niggas kickin' in doors for 20-inch momo's
Whatever it take, lil' daddy
And it don't matter
If I get caught up in a struggle, I got to take mines
If you get caught up, you better believe it
That that iron gon' get your mind right, dog
We hustlin' for sure, fa
Bling-blingin' without a doubt
Like new cars, and pretty broads
And neighborhood superstars
Money
Bitches
Rags to riches[Mannie Fresh]
Gentlemen and ladies, it's your boy, the dude
Freaky-fre, fre, fre-eh-Fresh
We gon' bring it to you somethin like this

[Hook One: Juvenile]
Woof, I'm a animal, yes I am a animal
I'm a animal, yes I am a animal
I'm a animal, yes I am a animal
I'm a animal, yes I am a animal

[Juvenile]
How you just gon' back me up and I'm 2 dollars from bein rich
You oughta be grateful a nigga like me even see you BITCH
I was thinkin about rockin Adidas, but the gators look nice
Nigga was talkin about they was comin out like players tonight
They won't let me in with my pistol I'm okay with the knife-a
Anything I can get my hands on when the fight starts
Could get one of these hoes that's gotta stand, by the right bar
Get the wife and she could {?} {?} light stars
She ain't stupid, she recognize who it is
Enjoy the lyrics on the records, play the songs for the kids
For instance, I can come through bouncin in this bitch like what
And she's figured this shit, she ready to give that life up
Wonderin how do it feel to be with G's like us
Be in a better situation than that all night bus
You're wild ho be fuckin up my G's
You better get back, I spent six and a quarter for these, ya hear me?

[Hook]

[Hook Two: Juvenile]
Get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it
Get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it
Get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it
Get gorilla with it, get gorilla with it

[Juvenile]
I see you watchin how the boy comes to Grover
And you wanna overthrown him, knock him off his throne
Your partners rockin with you 'til they find out who it is
Then they gon' try to convince y'all to leave it alone
I'm here to sabotage what enemies accomplish
They're not about the camouflage, the homies that I ride with
I keeps it ghetto for my street people and convicts
I don't vouch for nobody, I just make sure I pay homage
Hey shorty, this nigga here's a vet like Shaq
I don't have to control the ball but I control that rap
If I smack you on your ass you gonna throw that back
They like it when a gangster take control like that
She feels protected when she in that Lexus
Givin me head, got me takin all wrong exits
I'm not the people you should be upset with
I don't mean no harm baby and I'm not sexist

[Hook One] + [Hook Two]

[Juvenile]
A gangsta still fightin charges but he totes that Glock
Like a junkie with a pipe up in the smoke crack spot
I be in every hood, see I knows the block
From Watts to one-fo'-fifth by the clothing shops
Nope, I ain't rockin with them boys I was with
But I'm still blingin and showin off my toys in this bitch
When a real nigga show up hoes switch up they games
Tell us who they really is and give y'all different names
Claimin, she ain't nuttin like them boys be sayin
Shit I'm only tryin to knock the pussy outta the frame
Look here, I tried to chill but they gave me some mills
Me and Mannie back at it, 'bout to get another deal
I got my hand wrapped around the steerin wheel
Hoes like EWWW they can't understand the grill
Skip called me up he got them all on chill
Well let's go and get us some hoes so we can do this heah, y'know

[Hook One] + [Hook Two][Verse 1]
Got you working with some ass, yeah
You bad, yeah
Make a nigga spend his cash, yeah
His last, yeah
Hoes frown when you pass, yeah
They mad, yeah
You gon' ride in the Jag, yeah
With dad, yeah
You could smoke a fire bag, yeah
Of grass, yeah
Got money I confess, yeah
And trash, yeah
I'm a Big Tymer nigga, yeah
Pulling trigger, yeah
A player hater to flip with, yeah
Going head and fill it, yeah
I be slanging wood, yeah
Out the hood, yeah
Let it be understood, yeah
It's all good, yeah
Got a nigga screaming large, yeah
On the hard, yeah
A smooth ghetto broad, yeah
I want the broad, yeah
A nigga do a trick, yeah
On the dick, yeah
You claiming you want a bitch, yeah
That ain't shit, yeah
The nigga with the money, yeah
Don't act funny, yeah
Got birds and I'm running, yeah
Bout a hundred, yeah

[Hook]
Girl you looks good, won't you back that ass up
You's a fine motherfucker, won't you back that ass up
Call me big daddy when you back that ass up
Girl who is you playing with, back that ass up

[Verse 2]
You got a stupid ass, yeah
Make me laugh, yeah
Make a nigga wanna grab that
Autograph that
I'm sweating on the drawers, yeah
On hard, yeah
Wanna walk it like a dog, yeah
Break you off, yeah
Get mine, you gon' get yours, yeah
That's for sure, yeah
You fucking with my nerves, yeah
To the curb, yeah
I know you bitches know, yeah
And it show, yeah
But a nigga got some more, yeah
I'm 'bout to flow, yeah
Fresh bought some shit, yeah
In this bitch, yeah
We be making hit, yeah
After hit, yeah
Them titties sitting nice, yeah
I wanna bite, yeah
I could fuck you right, yeah
All night, yeah
Wanna bring it to my house, yeah
On the couch, yeah
Knock the pussy out, yeah
Get them out, yeah
I wanna see these hoes, yeah
Bend it low, yeah
Let me run it in the hole, yeah
Let me know, yeah

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Manny Fresh]
I know you can't stand it
Dick Bandit done landed
See the drawers handed
We can go get it y'all gang split it y'all
Put the bitch on the wall and I hit it y'all
Looking kind of lonely, I'm feeling horny
Put the dick in the middle like Monee
Big, thick plumber chick, and a Hummer chick
Beat the dick like a motherfucking drummer chick
Cinch that putty-cat look at that
I love a fucking hoody-rat, that's a fact
You's a motherfucking get it girl, quit it girl
I'm the nigga, the nigga, nigga
That hit it girl

[Hook]

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Na, na, na, na, na
After you back it up, then stop
Then wha-wha-what
Drop it like it's hot
Now after you back it up, then stop
Now, wha-wha-wha-what
Drop it like it's hot
Now drop it like it's hot
Drop drop it like it's hot
C-M-B make you drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop-drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop-drop it like it's hot[Turk]
Everyday, all day all we do is get our grind on
From sun up to sun down get our grind on
Tryna bust it wide open and build up my clank
Send a hit at these niggas so we could be the jank
You now how it is want everything for myself
Want every nigga scorin for me nobody else
I'mma dog it ain't not secret i want it all
Tha coke, dope, hoes and tha fancy cars
Tha game is cold but it's fair nigga
Can't trust no man cuz a nigga don't care nigga
Nigga will do anything just to be tha man wit all tha work
Kidnap yo wife and yo daughter erase you off tha earth
Them niggas cut throats this shit is real cuzen
Better know tha game cuz if you don't you get killed cuzen
Be ready to take a nigga to war behinds yours
Spark when it get dark and leave brains on the curve

[Turk](Hook)
Why you blockin us
Baller Blockin us
You niggas can keep tryin
Ain't no stoppin us

[Baby]
Niggas baller blockin so they lettin off shots
Tha feds came thru can't stop tha clock
Then why a nigga up tryna close my shop
Lovely came thru in a Bentley drop
Tha cadilac truck we painted then got hot
Still runnin thru them hallways tote'n a Glock
Word got around Curly tryna close my shop
Tha mail man down bad he can grab tha Glock
Tell tha stupid ho shut up she bouts to get popped
Tha cameras out and them lights is on
Them feds com'n thru and they gettin it on
So we duck and hide, supply and ride
Big party goin down wit Big Wood tonite
So we cocked tha Glocks
Cuz tha beef is rock
Niggas shootin out windows instead of head shots
Believe that playboy

(Hook)

[E-40]
Niggas be gold killin
(?) slippery like grease create y'all bin on a (?) scrilla
Call tha police on a young busta just tryna money mack on a million
You best respect tha game or get yo cap pilled in
Whoopin ass and takin names about my pay
Straight up out tha year 2000 Y2K
We ain't fit tha bearin fuck bamas, (?), (?)
How bout Atlanta you know
We ain't gotta smash pennies to make (?) no mo (Beyotch Beyotch)
See I just look like this
Project English left and plain
We use words like "It's All Gravy Tre"
I spit tha (?) from tha job
My nigga Baby and them law
Tha block controller just seen it all
From white to brown and yellow (Beyotch)
Pineapple y'all
Leaky brown color to baller blockin y'all
Wit baking soda (wit baking soda) ya smell
Ball to we have it all (ball to we have it all) ya dig
Ball to we have it all (ball to we have it all) ho

Hook

[Juvenile]
I know I need to stop but I'm solja so fuck it
Besides I'm responsible fo supplin tha public
My daddy got shot so I'm holdin it down
Outline, out of bounds puttin four in a clown
Bitch answer when I call make me know you got my change
Is it explodin in yo brain, do you think I'm playin games
See that's why lil niggas like u get murder over 'caine
Put yo self in a spot where u won't be working again
I ain't gone let yo partners from yo block confuse ya
You broke 'em off a package and they tryna misuse ya
Now tell 'em who got assed out you and me too huh
And Bubba want his money so I gotta kill you now
And all these muthafuckin laws tryna take mines
I ain't wit that bullshit two at tha same time
Fuck I might at well give tha dope game up
But Beatrice said he got a fresh package that came up

Hook[Mannie Fresh]
Now I'm feeling good and fine
Smokin green and drinkin wine
Ten thousand dollars at the bar (all on baby)
I guess that makes me a super-duper star
Drinkin ripple and Tanqueray
A brand new drink I call it bri-barae

(Chorus)
My life is beautiful
(Livin that good life)
It's just beautiful
(Livin that good life)(2x)

[Mannie Fresh]
Take me baby to the motel
When we're finished you can go tell
Teresa, Lisa, and Dawn
How we got butt-naked and got it on
How I split ya, hit ya and brung ya home
Stole ya chains and rings and herringbones

(Chorus)

(Hook)
Dont hate me baby cause I'm beautiful
These flashy cars ain't new to y'all(2x)

[Spoken : Mannie Fresh]
How you love that 1998
Thats Big Tymer style
There's a lot of these niggas baller blockin
Standin in the way
Cause I'm gone shine
All the time
How you love that (yeah)
On the bass
Funky Fingaz can I get a woday
On the keys just woday (woday)
Just woday (woday)
Big woday (woday)
Take it to the bridge take it to the bridge

(Bridge)
Just rollerskate rollerskate
Dont player hate player hate(2x)

(Chorus)

[Spoken : Mannie Fresh]
This here is platinum material
Just light, light-weight track
How you love that
It's gorgeous out here
I'm a neighborhood superstar
I'd rather be young rich and local
Than nationwide and broke bro
All the time (all the time)
All the time
Y'all can say what you want about me
I got this man
Drinks is on me
Everybody order something, drinks on me
Everything on me (moet, moet)
I love myself
I love myself, I love myself
Shouts out to the whole city
The broads alright but the niggas pretty[Hook]
Get the hell out, the door, can't you get the hell on out the door?(x3)

[Verse 1: Mannie Fresh]
B told me, number 3 was cheatin, with a chick with a stick, yeah them girls be freakin, checkin in motels every other weekend, say bruh, i can't picture Lil one eatin', boy you ain't know? For sure she creeping, but she been telling me, dog she going to meet, meeting kitty wit a mouth, that's what yo chick bout? (man pass me my asthma pump, put lil one out), sometimes i be liking, but see them chicks dyking, kissing on each other, mud wrestling, and fighting, hair everywhere-scratching and biting (pass me my ashtma pump again man this shits exciting) I be likely to get jump like a game of checkers, and I done G'ed more chicks then Nelly don sold records, "E.I." See I turn a chick out, then give her to another chick, leave "ssss" up in her mouth

[Hook]

[Baby (Birdman)]
Here's a story bout a bitch named Sally, a hot girl lived in that rat hole alley, she stayed shive, stay rockin ballys, a fat pussy lay it down in the caddy, back of the seat or back of the pallace, ima Hot Boy it really don't matter, my brother KC plays them (??) a jump off, him and steppers, whatever, Micheal kimpa, James (???) a big betta, Dick got a bitch in Miami, a dick sweater, like to load her to ATL the freak of the week, she did me, Slim, Joe, and Tiki, I dont care Bitch just ride, shake yo pussy, and shake yo thighs, get ya hat, get ya coat, it's time to ride, baby girl looking at me like she surprised

[Hook](x2)

[Mannie Fresh]
Lemme tell yall about another one of my lovers (huh bruh?) I caught the ignorant chick poking holes in rubbers, talking bout she late, sorry no wait, girl you fucked me, Mike Tyson,and OJ

[Baby]
These hoes be pullin' they raw tactics, baby making, and jaw jackin', mami suck dick like a low rider, ohhhhh weee don't stop her

[Mannie Fresh]
Thinking I'm gon' claim that baby, girl you coo coo, stupid, dumb and crazy, his eyes green and his hair wavy, dont you hate me ha? you got me played me

[Baby]
She movin' like a nigga hittin' switches, but i bet ill her old shitty, she a popper H.G. non stopper, she from Uptown, baby don't knock her

[Hook] + talking until end of song