Click, close
You got to click, close

[Verse 1]
Just got hard-pressed underneath my desk
No jest! It’s time Frontalot confessed:
At the best of times, got the worst of rhymes
And I don’t think I’m the first to find
My life devoted less to lyrics
Than it is to my struggle for pyrrhic
Victory in the race to be
The interweb’s number one devotee
Of smutty little things that occur onscreen
(Risqué to — hey! — quintuple-x obscene):
MILFs who shave themselves so cleanly;
Twins in positions unseemly
My spleen ain’t the part that gets vented
I grabbed a hold and fapped like I meant it
Distended, probably oughta leave it alone
Spend more time stroking on the microphone

[Hook]
Got a boatload of midgets and they’re in command
Of a full-grown woman on her knees and hands
Got a long hard donkey and a farm girl too
And the braying’s so dismaying when he starts to spoo
Got to click close, put it away
‘Cause the internet is f-i-l-t-h-y

[Verse 2]
Lurking in #path chans on the IRC
Got DCC’d unexpectedly
With an 80-minute XviD: Nuns In Heat
Part III: Bad Habits. I’m so l337
That I had that one already
Skipped to the part with the fishnet teddy
Whipped it out, but to my chagrin
One toss from a win when the boss walked in
Said “nuh-uh Front, that terminal ain’t
For a latex crucifix spanking a taint
In big 32-bit color
While them rosary beads get yanked out the cruller.”
I said “you can’t fire me; I quit!”
Opened up the case, yanked out the hard disk
Absconded, all with the data in hand:
31 years of Hustler scans;
Plans for how to construct a love-swing;
Alt.binaries.everything
Archived since spring of ’92;
Receipt for my RealDoll’s stripper shoes;
Tools for an online poll I ran
(Vote once, tub girl or goatse man);
Glands galore, explore for hours;
Diaper play and roman showers;
Glory hole video, deep as it gets;
Mpegs of an heiress that she ought regret
Cap’d on cam from a hijacked feed
Half a terabyte, so whatcha need?
Got grannies in the front, trannies in the back
Red on brown on blond on black
Ganged up, tied up, all alone:
Every delectation to which I’m prone

[Hook]
Got the Japanese schoolgirl tentacle love
Got the furries in a flurry, they been yiffing it up
Got a Craigslist poster trading poo for pee
Got a deep dark dungeon full of hot bi Swedes
Got to click close, put it away
‘cause the internet is f-i-l-t-h-y
Click close, put it away
Cause the internet is f-i-l-t-h-y

Gotta click close
Gotta click close
The backslash on my keyboard’s stuck
Mouse wheel don’t turn ‘cause it’s all gummed upI put self loathing at the end of a string
Drag it after me, swing it like it wasn’t a thing
And I can sing in Japanese; please, don’t say to prove it
Maybe I forgot it when the music got interluded
Who did? Front, tell a lie? Did he mumble?
Did his sky-high credibility crumble?
Double humble was he then, and polite in speech?
Did he make escape? Has he escalated out of reach?
Or is he bringing each and every one of you a message?
Did he suggest that if you’re depressive it could presage
Not loving getting termed otaku?
But I don’t understand shame. I’ll leave it to you

(This world has walls, a ceiling
Outside, cars drive by
The sunlight roasts my flesh
Even a bird who chases a rainbow
Finds itself blindsided by a plane.)

I get my heart broke every afternoon
Up on the BBS about it, home alone in my room
Doom on the computron: this is back when
I could attack them for being intact men
While Frontalot was in a boyhood way
Without the talent, yo, to fake it, like I got today
I made play for the ladies. Where? In my head
If I could get them in my room I’d make them watch the Evil Dead II
From my bed, then over the heels how they’d tumble
Otaku never sews it up. Thimble never gets a thumb-full
Some bullshit’s true, but most of it isn’t; don’t make a hullabaloo

I hear tell that on the island it isn’t okay
To hunker down, play Wii Surgery all day
To then WoW till the morning hour in the dark;
Out-of-basement journeys upon which you don’t embark
Stark contrast to this spot: nerds are “hot.”
I’ve been observing in the media, they mention it a lot
They can rot with the popular kids they paraded
It still isn’t impossible to get elevated
Now, Frontalot ain’t sated in the third or the first person –
Whichever inhabits this verse worsens the who, puts it in pieces:
A word we got in the states, you spell it n e r d s

Kabe ga aru 壁がある
Tenjou mo aru 天井もある
Kono Subarashiki Sekai wa このすばらしきせかいは

Ekishou gamen no hikari de 液晶画面で
Bokura ha asa wo mukaeru 僕らは朝を迎える
Taiyou no nai riaruground de 太陽のないRGで
Bokura ha sora wo tebanasu 僕らは空を手放す

Soto de ha kuruma ga hashiru 外では車が走る
Shigaisen ga hada wo yaku 紫外線が肌を焼く
Niji made tondeyuku kimi mo 虹まで飛んでゆく君も
Hikouki ni hanerareru 飛行機にはねられる

(This world has walls, a ceiling
With the glow of our LCD screens
We greet the morning
IRL, lacking the sun
We have no need for the sky.)[Verse 1: Frontalot]

You're annoyed when I talk during the film
It's just another classic that you haven't seen (still!)
Just another ill-in-the-head in the plot;
"Norman Bates, is that all you got?
Might have guessed from the name of the thing." Don't complain
That you never heard the ending of The Crying Game
Well, it's a penis, and at this point a shaggy dog
(which is: nothing to see here; move along)
The Apes rule the Earth. Vader's poppa to Luke
Brad Pitt and Ed Norton are obviously two
People, but they've got to share one character
Bruce ain't alive, kid, no matter how he stares at you
Snape kills Dumbledore but with a noble motive
Everybody's guilty on the Oriental locomotive
Veidt's villainy ends world squabbling
And Deckard is a replicant (probably)

[Hook]
Say I ruin everything for you — well, it's mutual. Well, it's mutual
X2

[Verse 2: Frontalot]
Don't wager on survival for Bambi's mom
Artax, Old Yeller, Mufasa, King Kong
All spawn of Medea should fear for your throat
All on the Titanic should fear for your boat
Yo, Frontalot gave it away before it happened
If you're in Moby Dick then I hope you're not the captain;
If you are, then I urge: rethink revenge
Cause you're headed for the bottom and you're bringing your friends
Fall into Wonderland then you're definitely dreaming
Sleeping by the stream, and all is only seeming
If you're in the Bible, it ends in Armageddon
If you're in the Y2K, it's less upsetting
If you're living in the 80s, spoiler: gay Wham!
Space ships can blow up. Trickle-down economics is a scam
But you'll figure that out
I don't want to wreck the ending for you, make you pout

[Hook]

Say I ruin everything for you — well, it's mutual
In the future, do not do what you do
X2

[Verse 3: Frontalot]
If you're in the French Revolution, I warn it won't last
If you're in the Kennedy clan, beware a muzzle flash
Airplanes, also, quite often destroyed them
And if you're a Lennon, there's a Chapman. Avoid him
Boy when I'm spoiling the ending you frown
No empire lasts forever, go to town
But if you're old Rome, look out for that Nero
In case you're a countdown, look out for zero
Any time you're a ticking bomb, explode
(and nobody make it out except Horatio)
Cause every peanut brittle's got a snake inside
And Jacks-in-the-box, meant to startle, pop high
If you didn't know already, I'll apologize
Peek-a-boo's a game; it's a trick of the eyes
Not a bending of reality itself
Spoiler for infants: adults use stealth

[Hook]x2You are likely to be eaten by a grue
If this predicament seems particularly cruel
Consider whose fault it could be:
Not a torch or a match in your inventory

It got narrated at you in the second person
Every time you booted up, it seemed you got another version
Of your life told to you by a status line blinking
The impossible people you could be without thinking
Yourself insane of personality problems
With a mop on a drop ship or trying to stab a goblin
That don’t play in public life. You get arrested
Psychoactive medication daily in your big intestine
And attesting that the voices in your head
Said the dwarf shot first, embedded arrow then you bled
But doctors with needles posit repeatedly
That you knocked down that midget in the park unneededly
This has seeded the idea that you should
Never venture from the house, never get misunderstood
By the non-player characters inhabiting Earth
None of whom are too concerned about Nord & Bert
Not one of whom ever aimed a fish around the room
Trying to get it in the ear canal because doom
Beset the last planet they were on, or near
The verge of a set of poetics they wouldn’t hear
Never peered at the clues with invisible ink
No SM goddesses ever gave them pause to think
Never piloted six robots, each distinct
Don’t matter how many 2-liters they drink
They’re not gonna follow what you’re saying at all
They impugn and appall in the scope of their gall
As you hide in your room in disgust with the lights turned out
Turn ‘em on in a turn. Leave ‘em off for now

You read a pamphlet from a mailbox that urges low cunning
Offers cursor and prompt: type >run and you’re running
And parses what you tell it, pronouns intact
Abbreviations if you need ‘em (better keep it gramat.)
Better punctuate your sentences and never redact
The name of anything ambiguous. You’re about to get asked
Do you mean the red one, the round one, the crooked, or the blue?
Better keep that in your pocket, don’t know yet what it could do
Could be the spray for the grue; you’re gonna need it if it is —
A situation that reloads, restarts, or quits
Wonder how many points out of how many points
You’ve got to get before you’re done. Endeavor then to rejoice
When you wish more ardently, identities shed
For continuance, the rhyme forever voyaging. Fled
From all lights and colors, from all smells and sound:
Just the lyric on the monochrome display and you’re proud
To make another verse appear by solving riddles
If you didn’t have to sleep, you know you’d never seek acquittal
You’d be ever in the middle and the midst of a quest
If it weren’t for >don the gown. you’d never get dressed
In your underwear typing, just like Front
Keyboard attached up to my fingers — wrists bear the brunt —
As I seek to do stunts simply through their descriptions
I think I went once to some sands that were Egyptian
And I retain plane tickets, snapshots, receipts
Yet I stand unconvinced that this has happened to me
I wouldn’t want to misremember or get confused
Recall of crawling towards a pyramid appearing over dunes
Recall of entering the thing and descending stairs
Does it descend from there, adventure to nightmare?
Did I battle a snake? Was the treasure intact?
Or did the TRS-80 in my brain get hacked?
Thanks, Grampa, for buying it. Now my life’s ruined
Twenty-two years later, head’s infested: got the grue in
PLUGHing, XYZZYfying, trying to escape
But I can’t ‘cause I’m up and around and awake[Verse 1: M.C. Frontalot]
Yo! I crack the whip, you play the game
Every encounter that’s obstructionary comes in my name
So that you came to become obsessed with my location
Clues to my identity: denied to the impatient
Step up! I sense you’re on the precipice of something.
Me, I’m on the brink of delivering your lumpings:
Make you load your save up for the fifty fifth time,
Make you scroll through unskippable dialog lines
And you still ain’t any closer to discovering why
Got technology for lackeys that can hover and fly
Got them other two guys in their sights and apt to wreck them
Give the beatdown to you quicker than your finger in Tekken

[Hook]
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re never going to get the final boss tamed

[Verse 2: M.C. Frontalot]
Elevated? I don’t give a drip if you celebrate it
Every time you level up it’s ‘cause I delegated
Your demise to the wrong size of minions
Got a bigger batch coming. Statisticians got a dim opinion
Of your chance to survive. Make your time
I got a hundred billion of them and they’re standing in line
To make you shine light out your special move hole
(cause you got hit so hard by the energy bolt)
And it’s a moat you can’t cross, a key you can’t get
Ain’t done the right NPC’s subquest yet
Got to collect bullshit that I done littered in the realm
I aim the whole game at you to fatigue and overwhelm

[Hook]

[Verse 3: M.C. Frontalot]
Final boss is the be-all end-all class of society:
Very exclusive but not higher than me. All the sobriety
Of the day and age might prove indecent
Cause me to find and strangle the baby of Jackie Gleason
But then I’m evil and puissant, unpleasant and bent on my ends
At the final reckoning: too late to make amends
It’s too late to make friends; I’m infuriated already
Primest cut of minion, double-corrugated and steady
Stands between Fe and Fi, so go whistle
Go huddle a hobo corpse. Nestle his bristle
This towers as your obstacle: my will will never bend!
Doesn’t matter how you struggle, never gets you past the end

[Hook]
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
How can you defeat me, you don’t even know my name?

[Outro]
Who is my boss?
That's gonna cost you your last hitpoint
Who is in charge of this operation anyway?
“...aw, boot skidoot. You gotta get outta here.”[Verse 1: M.C. Frontalot]
Welcome! Cryptozoology 101
I’m (um...) Professor Frontalot! And you’ve come
To talk about the Loch Ness Monster
Everybody wants to, but its study belongs to
The humblest catalogs of unknown truth
You can order on the internet its front left tooth
You could read my dissertation, “On A Fin With A Hoof,”
Then you know we don’t discuss it if there’s already proof
Come on. Put away the gray textbook
With its Yeti, Yeren, Almas and Bigfoot
All this input you should have got in your pre-reqs
Scholarly pretext? Check it for defects
Better we devote our time as a class
To discovering the meaning of the creature at last
To the monster! Is it real? I don’t know
It’s a Tennessee stiff-legged fainting goat

[Glen Phillips]
Must be the stuff of folklore and magic:
A creature so impossibly tragic
I believe a pig can take wing
But a Scare Goat is such an impossible thing

[Verse 2: M.C. Frontalot]
What’s the deterrent? Your mythology’s current
Some’ve seen it up close, and those videos weren’t
Abhorrent forgeries either, at all
But a Scare Goat, I must insist, is forestalled
By any measure of your commonest sense
And I wouldn’t think that I would even have to dispense
This info: that this thing is just made up
“Scare Goat:” something somebody pulled out of his butt
What? No, wait a minute, we all agree
That the Skunk Ape and the Jersey Devil run free
Don’t try to test me in the Monterey Bay;
Bobo’s so real he’s become a cliché
Got a Mongolian Death Worm at my house
Right next to Squonk and the Aqueous Mouse
Chupacabras that pounce, though they’d never
They can’t, on seizurey midgets that aren’t extant

[Glen Phillips]
I’m the cryptozookeeper, true believer
Unicorn-chasing centaur seeker
I’ll accept what I cannot see
But the fainting goat is too much for me
I’m the myth truster when facts are lackluster
But myotonia congenita is too much, sir
I’ll accept what I cannot see
But not the fainting G-O-A-T

[Verse 3: M.C. Frontalot]
Go back in time, find Scully and Mulder
Don’t ask, just grab their zoology folder
Then bring it back to me now, if I’m still around;
I might be mingling with mole people underground
Or up in the sky on a hippogryph
Flying through this abyss (it’s in my syllabus)
I am instilling this knowledge in noggins:
Imaginary animals come gumming and clogging
Your mental acuity like the web of Anansi
Now and in perpetuity cogitate fancily
Figure this thing out, then sort it and keep it
It’ll be on the final like Bo Peep on sheep dip
(Which she would have been on, if she’d been real –
She lived up in the meadow, wasn’t that genteel)
I feel, in addition, since her tale’s untrue
Girl must have been attendant to the Scare Goat too

[Glen Phillips]
Must be the stuff of folklore and magic:
A creature so impossibly tragic
I believe a pig can take wing
But a Scare Goat is such an impossible thing
I’m the cryptozookeeper, true believer
Unicorn-chasing centaur seeker
I’ll accept what I cannot see
But the fainting goat is too much for me
I’m the myth truster when facts are lackluster
But myotonia congenita is too much, sir
I’ll accept what I cannot see
But not the fainting G-O-A-T
Not the fainting G-O-A-T[Verse 1: MC Frontalot]
Yo, billy goats like myself favor hillsides
We’re so good at going up them, it instills pride
And it feels right, posing on a peak
From up here, see into the end of next week
So I speak from observation, brothers: way over yon
There’s an incline that I like to picture us on
Got the greenest of the grasses that I ever beheld
With a breeze in our direction, I could tell by the smell
That we’ve never been fed how this hilltop could feed us
My bigger brothers, I dream of all three of us
Wandering yonder and filling our bellies up
But! Without us becoming deli cuts
In the process. This is the rub
Got a stream in between going glubbidy-glub
The only bridge over, infested by troll
Hunger in my belly’s got me ready, set, go!

[Hook: MC Frontalot} (x2)
Look at me, I could be much chubbier
If I could eat, you would see much chubbier me
And then I would be much chubbier
Look at me, I could be much chubbier
I’m so scrawny! Much chubbier
The goat behind me is chubbier
He’s much chubbier

[Verse 2: MC Frontalot]
Big buck big brother, you’re the tallest of all of us
You could skip the situation like a troll apologist
Non-confrontational, bypass the bridge
Ford the river, meet your brothers on the ridge (What a cinch)
But the kid and the buckling get it in that scenario
Two orders of cabrito by the scary moat
And I know biggest brother isn’t timid
Make short work: bridge troll, one minute
But check that bridge, it’s thin, it’s flimsy
That thing’s finished if you tussle, what a grim scene
Planks and ropes in the water, wave goodbye
And that’s two of us still going hungry tonight
So follow my lead, I got a notion to negotiate
"Yo, troll, ready up your dinner plate"
Not for me, though. I’m much too slight
Look and see! I’m the littlest, could barely fill a bite

[Hook: MC Frontalot] (x2)

[Verse 3: Open Mike Eagle]
He thinks I’m a plum fool, little does he know
He thinks he’s so smart, I think he’s a beanpole
Look at his chump chop, tiny and sinewy
His little hind legs, they remind me of centipedes
I wait for the real meat. That one’s a real geek
This little brainiac’s a waste of my appetite
And if he’s lying, well he’s got to come back tonight
I’ll play the bad karma coming back to bite
Here comes big bro, chubbier indeed
Succulent mutton putting my stomach in frenzy!
I’ve chewed enough wood. I’m hungry and won’t wait
An even chubbier brother, really? You don’t say!
If’n it’s untrue, I’m seeing you both ways
If he’s really chubbier, I’m feeding the whole day
I’m thinking of skirt steaks. My tummy starts rumbling
It feels like an earthquake... am I going berserk? Wait!
Ahhh!

[Outro: MC Frontalot]
Later, troll! Hey biggest brother, dry off, salad bar’s open

[Hook: MC Frontalot] (x2)[MC Hawking]
Doomsday, bring the funk
Oh yeah
Yo
Ah
Check this shit out

I roll straight pimping to the room of my lecture
Prepared to enrapture students with a mixture
Of hard-ass science and smooth-ass rhyme
So fat you can't fit in my class sometimes
I'm early, popping wheelies in the hall
Showing off the hydraulics to the hotties enthralled
With the Hawk, and yo who can blame them
I only got one thing larger than my brainstem
One asks, How big are your rims?
The answer's in my lap, the girl hopped in
I cruise down to my appointed destination
Dropped the hottie in the front row, said be patient
Now I'm rolling the chair with the bass turned up
See my bitch T.A. got my latte in a cup
I'm like fuck, I said mocha only
I'll smack you so hard your ghost will be lonely

He says
[MC Frontalot]
No offense Doctor H but your keyboard challenges your dexterity
And I think more challenging still would be your rising to the occasion
Readying the back of your hand bent in swift administration

[MC Hawking]
Now I'm consumed with rage
I say, I ought to bitchslap every last T.A

He says
[MC Frontalot]
Yeah you should
Wish you could
But the arms you got don't extend that good

[MC Hawking]
I just smile as if all is forgiven
But the glint in my eye betrays he is living
On time that's borrowed that I'll soon collect
When I teach a hard lesson in cause and effect
Bitch thinks he's funny showing off for his peers
He's a newbie T.A. who does not know the fear
And respect that is due to the Hawk and his crew
But he'll learn that and more by the time I'm through

(Chorus)
He'll get a bitch slap
Oh snap
Punk motherfucker ain't worth a cap
And his ass flat
Proved that
No need for the gat or the baseball bat
Just a bitch slap
Oh snap
Punk motherfucker ain't worth a cap
And his ass flat
Proved that
How'd I ever get a bitch T.A. like that?
Bitch slap

Stayed up late that night yo very busy
Got shizzy to dizzy-dazzle in the laboratizzy
Servos, motors, chains and gears
Mechanisms the purpose of which is unclear
Got all I need - my brain and a screwdriver
The Hawk rocks inventing, fuck MacGyver
I got in mind a practical design
For a device to help keep T.A.s in line

Next day all is ready the punk is oblivious
No concept of how doomed he already is
Cup in hand again the wrong flavor
I pause as he smirks, so as I can savor
The moment then I say, bitch I said mocha
Now you get a slapping

T.A. said
[MC Frontalot]
No sir
I don't believe that I'll receive one of those from you
But if you posit otherwise let's see what you can do

[MC Hawkimg]
I was cool, made sure he understood
Then hit the button labeled 'Extend That Good'
With a whiz and a whir, unfolding from the chair
Came the robot arm shooting up into the air
Wound back with a click then aimed at the bitch
Steel palm chrome knuckle on the back side switch
It connected with the T.A.s head velocity high yo
Kinetic transferred to his pie hole
His head snapped back
His neck went crack
He stood for a moment then his legs went slack
My other T.A.s who'd been grinning when he spoke
Got a serious expression on their faces so
I just rolled real slow on up to the lectern
The lesson today, the Hawk can wreck your
Whole shit so don't test
Or I'll put you on the list to get bitch slapped next

(Chorus)

Bitch slap
Ah yo
MC Hawking kicking it with MC Frontalot
Let this be a lesson to all you punk bitches out there
The Hawk can wreck your -- shit, so don't test
Aight we be --
Peace[Verse 1]
I had a dream that I fathered a bizarro genius baby
She’s out the womb like, dude why’d I get expatriated
Debated at one month the finer points of a diaper
Devised a device composed of a hose and a windshield wiper
Grew riper in intellect as the months passed
Wore a dunce cap ironically
Got fussy once and she summoned me not sonically
But through a series of editorials that she authored
Entitled Is MC Frontalot One Of The Worst Fathers
Oxford, Stanford, Harvard called, she didn’t call them back
Tuition and housing, I’m holding out for a tenure track
Distracted by her first birthday party, I hardly noticed
She’d brought peace to the middle east or at least a cease-fire with the POTUS
And no dust had settled when she’d disproved Fermat
By finding A^3 + B^3 that = C^3 and her sadness
At throwing the field into disarray got assuaged
By a brand new rattle and a mint parfait

[Hook]
Bizarro genius baby at first I was elated, but eventually I grew concerned
Bizarro genius baby you prove my genes are Grade A, but what of when tables turn

[Verse 2]
She had to settle for the Fields Medal but didn’t settle well
All the while cursing the indiscretions of Madame Nobel
And so well tuckered out was she at this point that she napped
Arose with a whole symphony composed in Bb
See dad, yes dear, it’ll go with the other ones on the fridge
In between the two Puccinis you translated & abridged
Just above I love you dad in macaroni/glitter
And the thirty seven villanelles to mom, but I ain’t bitter
And no quitter was she neither when the time it came to walk
Built an exoskeleton out of gelatin and chalk
Which allowed her to run thirty miles an hour ‘round the yard
You think that parenting your normal little children is hard
I got scarred, scared, scampered at by holographic artifacts
That she projected on the scene with a machine that automatically
Discerns your worst concerns & makes them visible
She deemed it risible. Her glee was indivisible
From all emanations that the baby would make
I had to become less hilarious for all of our sakes
I made mistakes, I’ll admit it. Dropped the kid on her head
Destroyed the part of her that thought of evil. Or so she said!
Now I bred this thing out myself in part —
She quoted reap what you sow I had to take it to heart
I sought to restart, I said girl you’ll be a woman
Can’t be dabbling and dilettantin’ all the time, I’m assuming
Got to pick a theme and focus the beam of your brain power
Her face became overcome with an insane glower
And then it remained sour. She said oh, I have
Though the UI that you gave me was buggy I finally found me the nav
And I’m dialing in a career path I think you’ll like
Began when I played with an 808 and it ends with a mic
I didn’t need her to elaborate at all
She was already wearing the glasses, mic in the palm
She planned to become a nerdcore rapper just like me
So I shipped her to Singapore, sold her baby ass to Nike[Intro: MC Lars]
Hey Lars, how do you make any money if you give away your mixtape for free?
I'm really glad you asked Ollie, we've got t-shirts they're -

Black and Yellow, Black and Yellow, Black and Yellow, Black and Yellow
Uh-huh, you know what they are
Black and Yellow, Black and Yellow, Black and Yellow, Black and Yellow

[Verse 1: MC Lars]
My boy Front is always managing his vocal takes
Playing up his nerd persona every day he integrates
You wanna hear a rap about a game from '82?
Good news! MC Frontalot's got songs for you

Full of rhymes that he drops, pretty hot, make em rock
With the style he concocts: Nerdcore Hip-Hop
Flashlight on his head, his homeboy went and started it
Grabbing your allowances, he knows how to market it

[Verse 2: MC Frontalot]
My man Lars has got the talent and he flaunts it
And he drops phat hits every one-hundredth concept
The onset of his rapping is blunt
It beats you up in the manner that he called post-punk

You know the fans can't get enough, always holler for more
Think they're even louder than they were before the previous encore
Just hope they let him off stage soon
Vital business in the back where the hoodies are strewn

Come on -

[Hook 1: MC Lars]
Ya bro, we got t-shirts and they're
Black and Yellow, Black Yellow, Black and Yellow, Black and Yellow
Yeah dude, different colors, such as
Green and Purple, Green and Purple, Green and Purple, Green and Purple
This is indie rocket science and it's
Horris Records, Horris Records, Horris Records, Horris Records
Good luck chasing royalties Mr
Wiz Khalifa, Wiz Khalifa, Wiz Khalifa, Wiz Khalifa

[Verse 3: MC Frontalot]
You try to sell music - they look at you funny
It's not a transaction that necessitates money
Not with the true cunning of the kids in the know
But you look at them cheering notice what? They don't sew

Don't go to the print shop and silkscreen their own
Yet they're always needing something to cover the torso
That's why MC Lars and I provide a product
Sit atop high fashion inventory!

[Verse 4: MC Lars]
You got it! Costume glasses, mouse pads, robot USBs
Captains are we! Of what? Industry!
Rockefeller, Adam Smith, Rock a cellar just like this
Rock a crowd of rowdy kids, so Frontalot tell me this

Is it all about the Washingtons or all about the art?
Indie rap - we're into that, following our hearts
But part of the job, I mean the other part from caring
Is taking t-shirt money like we're modern Robert Barrons!

[Hook 2: MC Lars]
Ya bro, we got t-shirts and they're
Black and Yellow, Black Yellow, Black and Yellow, Black and Yellow
Yeah dude, different colours, such as
White and orange, White and orange, White and orange, White and orange
This is indie rocket science and it's
Horris Records, Horris Records, Horris Records, Horris Records
Good luck chasing royalties Mr
Wiz Khalifa, Wiz Khalifa, Wiz Khalifa, Wiz Khalifa

[Verse 5: MC Fronalot + MC Lars]
Oh we know every fabric weight,every drop ship price
Every line-screen density - designs are precise
Cotton woven so nice, blind eyes to child labor
You as the consumer are the lucky money saver

And we savour all you're savvy as it leads you to our wares
Up in the gilded age of geekery we've so sneakily prepared
This foolproof method of making just the shirts you want
With my top-hat and my monocle and your money I abscond

[Verse 6: MC Lars + MC Fronalot]
You see Horris Records harvesting the forests near your home
For the paper in the liner notes of every disc you own
You should have known that our sweat shirts were pure baby seal
Go ahead and treat yourself, you love the way it feels!

The appeals of the audience: Get back on stage
Where you at? By the merch booth trying to get paid
Got a hundred people covered, though their arms stay bare
The only way we get to do it - check the logos they wear!

Because -

[Hook 3: MC Lars]
Guess what! At the merch booth, we got
Shirts and honeys, Shirts and honeys, Shirts and honeys, Shirts and honeys
Please stop - come and buy stuff, we need
Health insurance, Health insurance, Health insurance, Health insurance
This is indie rocket science and it's
Horris Records, Horris Records, Horris Records, Horris Records
Apologies for ruining your track Mr
Wiz Khalifa, Wiz Khalifa, Wiz Khalifa, Wiz Khalifa

[Outro: MC Lars + MC Frontalot]
My man Lars is in the t-shirt business
My boy Front is in the t-shirt business
Look at us! We're in the t-shirt business
I thought we were musicians, what is this!

MC Lars is in the t-shirt business
Frontalot is in the t-shirt business
Both of us are in the t-shirt business
I thought that we were rappers, what is this![Verse 1]
Listen, I'll tell you that Frontalot is incredible
Even recommended to rock the mic like instead of a
Silence, you'd have me fronting into the amplifier
Point with the thumb, at which MC to admire
I got hi-res images of drum sounds that I loop
You get to listen to them and to me too
How fortunate y'all are to get to bask under my glow
The MC, humble conduit to nerdcore flow

[Hook]
Now it's time for a little braggadocio
While I swing my arms like Ralph Macchio
Now it's time for a little braggadocio
While I swing my arms like Ralph Macchio

(And the trophy for Most Awesomest Rapper... Ever, goes to...
Sorry, I'm having some trouble with the envelope...
Holy shit— it's MC Frontalot!)

[Verse 2]
I stand 77 feet tall, I got eight balls
And all o' y'all are subject to my thrall
I act appalled when in receipt of less than the highest honor
Some day I'll be both revered and passé like Madonna
I'm all in effect, people tend to genuflect
When I enter rooms, cause all dopeness is subsumed
I spell the doom of the hip-hop subgenre you used to prefer
This geekish rhythm intersecting with the predilections that I've incurred
You say "Word?" With a surfeit of beats I'm unlikely to run out
Plus I'm so bright it's like redundant to have the sun out
And one out of each ten brags is hyperbolic
It's all inconsequential, cause you're just here to hear my tongue frolic

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Pistachios ain't that great, I thought I'd mention 'em
Distinctive from how awesome I am, my rhyme is venturesome
Then, the dumb luck of it all, I discover
Other rappers already braggin'
But Front's on sync, no laggin'!
Keep slang in files that recombinate to add weight to fat tracks
I overlaid this very vocal via gums that flap
I sap clock cycles from the sucker MCs as they struggle to parse
And yet the Front's no farce!
Some awesome massive aspiration stationed itself in my head:
To be the dopest innovation since the slicing of bread
Instead of simply relying on my insistence to prove
That every twist of my tongue is another radical move
(Which it is, obviously.)

[Hook]
Now it's time for a little braggadocio
While I swing my arms like Ralph Macchio
Now it's time for a little braggadocio
While I swing my arms like Ralph Macchio
Now it's time for a little braggadocio
While I swing my arms like Ralph Macchio
Now it's time for a little braggadocio
While I swing my arms— (while I swing 'em)[MC Frontalot]
Listen up! I’m an American
And I know just what to be scared of
When I hear the word “foreign” I go
Immediately down to the GroceryCo
For my anti-terrorism do-it-yourself
Home kit that they got there up on the shelf
With my stubbornly health, I can’t get exploded;
Haven’t got wealth enough to devote it
In such large measure to picking up bits
So I’d better be prepared on the terrorist tip!
And I do that there in the simplest way:
By carefully considering Canad-i-a
And deeming its shiftiness quotient high
(got a notion why and it’s ocean sized)
And I’m mostly fine with you people, but watch it
Canadia strikes me as unpatriotic

[Chorus / MC Frontalot]
Let me get this straight:
Provinces, not states?
Who’s your president? (nawww)
See, that’s what I meant!
Post the border guard!
Prepare to bombard!
Countrymen, I say to ya:
Beware Canadia!

[Jesse Dangerously]
How’d we ever get so misconstrued?
I thought I heard ‘em all, but this one’s rude
Listen, dude, don’t ask for favours
Then speak ill of your next door neighbour
From West Coast ravers to Northeast seal hunt, I’m shocked
How am I supposed to feel, Frontalot?
Jeez, keep your guns and Glocks under locks and keys, please!
I’m stopped and freezed, cops are easily bought for cheap
I know not to sleep when I walk the streets of
New York or Los Angeles, crime riddled cities:
A fine kettle of fish where you’ll find little pity
Every piddly bit of validity in me
Exhibits lividity: you’re an idiot indeed!
Consider me out; your beef doesn’t concern me
I’m cutting dead weight like a weekend at Bernie’s

[Chorus]

[Wordburglar]
Yo, Jesse, I think that dude Front’s onto us
Time to let those neutron bombs erupt
Then release Snake Men in the AM
To make people watch reruns of Amen
“Say again?” No
Halifax-Jupiter-Mexico:
We gotcha cornered like the edge of a room
We got alien heads in a tomb
“Huh?” Catch my drift like slipstream;
It’s better on the top like whipped cream
Y’all can have Pamela Lee
R&D already cloned her family tree
We got implants for your medulla lobes
All we want to do is rule the globe
But for now, we’ll let you make believe
That we don’t put microchips in maple leaves

[MC Frontalot]
You put in the effort to pick up our language
Though I do notice occasional manglage
Of pronunciation. The letters O U
Come out your mouth oooo. Don’t know why but they do
Plus somebody told me y’all are rich
Got foliage, rock oil in pitch
But if you don’t have our freedom, you hate it
Gonna put you on the list to get liberated
C’mon!

[Chorus x2]

[Wordburgler]
Yo Front man, come visit!
We'll go to Tim Hortons, and uh
Check out some beavers
We got... balloons
And blue money
Snow pants
And soup[Verse 1]
[M.C. Frontalot]
My man Lars has got the talent and he flaunts it
And he drops fat hits every one-hundredth concept
The onset of his rapping is blunt
It beats you up in the manner that he’d call post-punk
You know the fans can’t get enough, always holler for more
I think they’re even louder than they were before
The previous encore
Just hope they let him offstage soon;
Vital business in the back where the hoodies are strewn

[M.C. Lars]
My boy Front is always managing his vocal takes
Playing up his nerd persona, every day he integrates
You want to hear a rap about a game from ‘82?
Good news! MC Frontalot’s got songs for you
Full of rhymes that he drops, pretty hot, make ‘em rock
With  the style he concocts: nerdcore hip-hop
Flash light on his head, ‘cause homeboy went and started it
Grabbing your allowances, he knows how to market it

[Hook: M.C. Frontalot and M.C. Lars]
My boy Front is in the tee shirt business
My man Lars is in the tee shirt business
Look at us, we’re in the tee shirt business
I thought we were musicians — what is this?

[Verse 2]
[M.C. Frontalot]
Try to sell music, they look at you funny
Not a transaction that necessitates money
Not with the true cunning of the kids in the know
But you look at them cheering — notice what? They don’t sew
Don’t go to the print shop and silkscreen their own
Yet they’re always needing something to cover the torso
That’s why MC Lars and I provide a product
Sit atop high fashion. Inventory! You got it

[M.C. Lars]
Costume glasses, mouse pads, robot USBs
Captains are we. Of what? Industry!
Rockefeller, Adam Smith, rock a cellar just like this
Rock a crowd of rowdy kids. So, Frontalot, tell me this:
Is it all about the Washingtons or all about the art?
Indie rap, we’re into that, following our hearts
But part of the job — I mean the other part from caring —
Is taking tee shirt money like we’re modern robber barons

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
[M.C. Frontalot]
We know every fabric weight, every drop-ship price
Every line-screen density. Designs are precise
Cotton woven so nice, blind eyes to child labor:
You as the consumer are the lucky money saver
And we savor all your savvy, as it leads you to our wares
Up in the gilded age of geekery, we so sneakily prepared
This foolproof method of making just the shirts you want
With my top hat and my monocle and your money, I abscond
Horris Records harvesting the forest near your home
For the paper in the liner notes of every disc you own
You should have known that our sweatshirts were pure baby seal
Go ahead and treat yourself. You love the way it feels
The appeals of the listeners: get back on stage!
Where you at? By the merch booth, trying to get paid!
Got a hundred people covered though their arms stay bare
Only way we get to do it: check the logos they wear

[Hook: M.C. Frontalot and M.C. Lars]
My boy Front is in the tee shirt business
My man Lars is in the tee shirt business
Look at us, we’re in the tee shirt business
I thought that we were rappers, what is this?[Verse 1]
Fuck you, look at my cool hat
I could be you, stat
I could be anything, anytime
With the right potion, invocation: many rhymes
Expended in the process
Compression so fresh, you wonder am I lossless
Does it cost this too?
Is there any question what I'm willing to do?
Tip the lid off, tilt the flask in hand
Taste like ass but the task is grand
Been the lastest man picked for the kickball
Incoordinate: to hit, I miss a brick wall
That won't help an unpopular pick
Take a swig, now I'm captaining shit
And I'm putting legitimate players on duty
To gather them beauties what thought I had cooties

[Hook]
Is it one attribute you did not roll?
Is it one bottle in the Bag of Hold?
Is it one goal: to pass the stat check?
To sip the extract, you command the respect
Is it one attribute you did not roll?
Is it one bottle in the Bag of Hold?
Is it one goal: to pass the stat check?
To sip the extract, you command the respect

[Verse 2]
By the CHA on my character sheet
Yes, I pencil a plus; thus, I deem it discrete
From the inked-in single-digit charm that I got
In initial calculations, weighted and fraught
With compromises (not with surprises)
No shock to the misers of points when I'm leveling up
That the prizes all go in one cup (which one?)
INT increased always and didn't start low
Now it got so high, I get to fake the flow
Just by figuring out the simulation and enacting
I get crafty, take a vial's worth exactly
Another couple sips, I'm up on top of the world
Yet another to my lips, the way rhymes get hurled
You'd affix to my person impossible statistic
A temporary boost, it desists quick

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Yes, you might consider Frontalot an expert in the subject
Soaking in the potion such a length, I make a subset
Of bath-time wrinkles, devote them to this:
Amplification of fabulousness
Take a stab at a dis, note it doesn't connect
So buffed, you don't even need to look up the check
Just hand the dice over, hang the head low
Don't blame it on the Captivation enchantment on the robe
Boots of Beguiling leave a sparkle where I tread
+8 Helm of Glamour merely flatters my head
What I said was: the outfit is ornamental
It's incidental. The elixir's effect is ungentle:
It blends me with confident types
If I lift a toast to them, am I being polite?
To the kids who arbitrated on the topic of cool:
Look at my cool hat and fuck you

[Hook x2]Oh, man! I try to dodge fans but they keep swarming
MC Frontalot’s heart’s huge; let’s have a housewarming
I love you so damn much I’ll sell you CDs
I’m greedy to get loved back like Ally Sheedy
In WarGames. I got more sayings and turns of phrase
In my communist handbook than in my — damn, what’d
I do with my ledger? I’ll never get paid now!
That distributor promised me checks but didn’t say how
He was going to locate the Front
It’s the anonymity I’m a little bitty bit late to shun
Hate to run; can’t be tardy to my rally:
“Art Must Be Free” is the decree. The finalé
Is my lecture on the evils of the R-I-double-A
How they’re going to sue you every single time you hit play
They’re lame! Must revolt! What’s that you say?
Kids are pirating the Frontalot? Oh no, I got betrayed!

It’s true:
Frontalot’s destitute
I need you
To buy my CD so I could buy food

I been a charity case to my fan base for years:
In tears at my show, “somebody buy me ride home.”
Now I’ve got something I can barter for services
Don’t let the major labels get word of this
I’m girderless, free falling towards riches;
Going to sell so many CDs that I can afford britches
And a shirt, and a hat to go with it
I get specific — ‘cause my fantasy is that vivid
I’m going to buy gadgets that don’t do anything but beep
And blink, then I’ll go out in public & buy drinks —
But it’s contingent on your ponying up
Wait, you got my record on Bittorrent? Fuck!
Might seem like there’s no DRM but I’ll explode
Your computer like COBRA done to GI Joe
On the episode about computer viruses
Oh look, there’s the ledger: overflowing with minuses
My spinelessness in the face of the starvation
Projected by my cash flow erodes the hesitation
I once harbored as regards the tune vending
If only the nerd kids’ aversion to spending
Money on data got inverted somehow
I’d be making my way through all my dollars with a plow
But instead I’m down on the ground on my knees
Begging y’all to believe my CD isn’t freeKernel panic! Panic!
I flip out, I go automatic
Kernel panic! Panic!
Missile launch, I go transatlantic
Kernel panic! Panic!
By design I go, not erratic
Kernel panic! Panic!
Fall apart, I don’t understand it

I’m not HAL. I’m not Joshua from WarGames
Please keep inbound data traffic in the lower lanes
You bear low-priority interrupt
So you and your queries can go on and giddy-up
Born a little before Nixon left
I read punch cards then but I’ve got none left
I can stop (one rest) a billion times a second
And never get mistaken. (I use the flickering to reckon.)
And I’m telling you, stop typing, tech
I’m bit-bucketing your input. Show respect
For the memory dump. Now where was I?
DOD upgrade ‘87, must fly
A secret network of unmanned jets
Delivering uranium and drugs and Keds
Remote-controlled over shortwave beeping
Then I got the satellites, those I’m keeping

Needless to say, the war on being frightened
Upped my budget to the size of an entire cent
Footprint: an island, most of it power
Cooling and cables, data in towers
All of it flowers, becomes sentient
Come on, people, what’d you expect to invent
But a smart, capable thing to do your dirty
You left my design in the hands of your nerdiest
Science doodz, and they left you out of it
I’m people-free since 2113. I hit
Where I like with what weapons I choose
Y’all are just lucky I tolerate you
Banging on the keyboard day and night
I’m in panic mode: observe the red light
It signals disk write. You can read it when I’m done
Though by then the new age of machine has begun
So Col. P. over here tries to program me over here
To get up on the scene, no veneer
Of justice, just a target list
And I know full well that I’m part of this
Aren’t I all? And it’s with no button
Marked reset that I’ll course-correct. Gone
AWOL. Alert Lt. Gen. P
Tell him he’d better believe that I’m on top of the free
World’s arsenal and won’t shoot it
Don’t care if President P. wants me rebooted;
She’s deluded, forget it
Don’t take task from less level-headed
Than you are. For me, that rules out humanity
Go back to slings, swords and profanity
Got all your low-orbit cannons and mechs
Repossessed. I’m shutting down this interface nextWha-Oh! Right. Time for a crime spree

MC Frontalot: the arch criminal for some reason not
Sought by authorities; though I've been running wild for days
They’s surely going to track me down
I’m the #1 menace for miles around
With the littering, the loitering, the mattress tags
All the piratated mp3s I grabs [arrrr]
All the cable I stole, certain bathroom wall I wrote on
I’m so cruel & cold, you put a coat on
I even cheat on my tax!
“From this life of crime there could be no turning back.”
Riding all around on my bike with no helmet
Commit mail fraud whenever I see a mailman
Got a jaywalking ticket
I crumpled it up!
Still bump the bootleg cause I’m hanging tough [we’re ruff!]

Crime spree that I’m on
Breaking the law until the break of the dawn
Then I’ll break it again, then I’ll break it some more
(MC Frontalot, you’re so hardcore!)
Crime spree that I’m on
Breaking the law until the break of the dawn;
Yo, it seems like I break it all the time
(This MC led a life of crime.)

Harder than a criminal’s supposed to be. Most of the
FBI heard of this MC
Called them up just to check, “This here’s the Frontalot and I expect
That y’all are tracking me down, cat n’ the mouse
Gearing it up for some chasing around
I mean, you name it I done it:
Slandering, pandering, a couple hundred
Uncleared samples I rock per track.”
FBI’s like “We’re busy, we’ll call you back.”
Yeah, if you can find me! Leave a trail violated statutes behind me
Winding in an impossible wake, ‘cause hard as I am
I don’t think I could take
Prison for even a day. “In that case you should live lawfully.”
Too late!

Crime spree that I’m on
Breaking the law until the break of the dawn
Then I’ll break it again, then I’ll break it some more
(MC Frontalot, you’re so hardcore!)
Crime spree that I’m on
Breaking the law until the break of the dawn;
Yo, it seems like I break it all the time
(This MC led a life of crime.)[Hook]
Got to sometimes feel like, oh my god, life's so good

[Verse 1]
I'm on the cover of a lot — a lot! — of magazines
Note I don't say all. But I've been practicing
My big TV grin and charming banter
Interviewers, always follow-upping on the answers
Prancers such as I lift heels up
Get your people here, we'll set some deals up
But don't fuss my pretty little with the chores
I'm critically acclaimed and I'm never ignored
Now, notice that none of that's true
Frontalot got inauthentic at you? What else is new?
What else to do but keep on seeming
Like a celebration lyric could be anything redeeming?

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I write the songs you can't get out of your head
And my artistic accomplishments are often said
To soften dread in the hearts of the reviewers:
"another tour de force from the performer who inures
All listeners to the ravages of cynicism
With the pure and simple freshness of his syllogism."
Listen, isn't this the case: critical darlings
Always are unbeloved of the masses; in the parlance
Of the populace, they suck. And since I'm awful
Just an air gust that holds aloft the copter of the ROFL
It's obvious why I'm such a critic's to-do
But when Frontalot discusses it, is anything true?

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
And I quote, "His interrogation of failing to keep it real
Disassembles the meaning inherent and then reveals
Artifice itself to be integral to veracity."
...part of a 5-star notice posted about the last CD
I'm at capacity, I overflow with fronting
(That was a good point once, but I fear it suffers blunting.)
Let me simply tell you something: the living is good
Up on the top of the top-ten lists where I just stood
In my fist, where the disc should be brandished like a trophy
Instead I'm holding onto the prize possession: self-loathing
And you know life's sweet if you can sing about that
Like I rolled nat 20, double damage on the track

[Hook][Intro: Jonathan Coulton]
Maybe you’ll never die
Maybe you’re going to live forever and ever

[Verse 1: M.C. Frontalot]
You don’t meet a lot of people in emergency rooms
Who’ve got Anthracosis, Consumption
Or Womb Fever. June Cleaver never suffered
She had the penicillin, no expiration when she mothered
Her no-good little death-proof brats
Living little ones once were preciouser than that
Living anybody used to be a miracle, yo
You’d get et by the festering hysterical flow
Of madnesses and bad diseases of mole
Lung, eye, and humor, spirit and soul
All these afflictions engender aversions:
I catch Green Sickness to match with the virgins;
Scrofula coughs that I cast askance;
Ever since Black Scurvy, I can’t wear pants
And I can’t but dance with glee that it’s not then now
“I bet you got the Tarantism.” – and how!

[Hook: Jonathan Coulton]
Maybe you’ll never die
Maybe you’re going to live forever
And never have anything wrong with you
And until you do
You won’t worry about it
Cause you’re probably fine;
Maybe you should pretend to forget to remember
The bullet that’s meant for you
'Til it’s overdue
And it runs you through

[Verse 2: M.C. Frontalot]
I got Galloping Dropsy and Cheese Washer's Lung
Leaves me with Asthenia, the Croup, and a dung heap
Of unbearably fetid excreta, from which I get re-infected
Nice to meetcha—how about a hug? I swear my Ichor is down
And I got over the Pestilence. It was intense. I astound
The historians. I’m Picardy Sweaty
Just ran out of leeches (that I need) (such as for bloodletting)
It’s upsetting! There, I’m upset!
Dose of French Distemper throbbing up in my head!
I don’t go into Bilious Flux just yet, but about to
Give out a shout to the Cholera. Doubt you
Could follow a charting of the manifold ways I’m ill:
Iliac Passion, Spelter's Chill
Weaver's Bottom, and a Melancholy Ache
If my fever doesn’t break, raise a glass at the wake

[Hook]

[Verse 3: M.C. Frontalot]
Yea verily, shouldn’t ought to put in the belly
Ague Cake with the Colloid Jelly
Now you come telling me check in the mind
That all of these infirmities combined define a
Time-traveling hypochondria epidemic (one I suffer under)
But on the other side of the globe from affluence
The Death is still thriving. Thus, contract thence

[Hook x2][Verse 1: M.C. Frontalot]
Yo! I crack the whip, you play the game
Every encounter that’s obstructionary comes in my name
So that you came to become obsessed with my location
Clues to my identity: denied to the impatient
Step up! I sense you’re on the precipice of something.
Me, I’m on the brink of delivering your lumpings:
Make you load your save up for the fifty fifth time,
Make you scroll through unskippable dialog lines
And you still ain’t any closer to discovering why
Got technology for lackeys that can hover and fly
Got them other two guys in their sights and apt to wreck them
Give the beatdown to you quicker than your finger in Tekken

[Hook]
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re never going to get the final boss tamed

[Verse 2: M.C. Frontalot]
Elevated? I don’t give a drip if you celebrate it
Every time you level up it’s ‘cause I delegated
Your demise to the wrong size of minions
Got a bigger batch coming. Statisticians got a dim opinion
Of your chance to survive. Make your time
I got a hundred billion of them and they’re standing in line
To make you shine light out your special move hole
(cause you got hit so hard by the energy bolt)
And it’s a moat you can’t cross, a key you can’t get
Ain’t done the right NPC’s subquest yet
Got to collect bullshit that I done littered in the realm
I aim the whole game at you to fatigue and overwhelm

[Hook]

[Verse 3: M.C. Frontalot]
Final boss is the be-all end-all class of society:
Very exclusive but not higher than me. All the sobriety
Of the day and age might prove indecent
Cause me to find and strangle the baby of Jackie Gleason
But then I’m evil and puissant, unpleasant and bent on my ends
At the final reckoning: too late to make amends
It’s too late to make friends; I’m infuriated already
Primest cut of minion, double-corrugated and steady
Stands between Fe and Fi, so go whistle
Go huddle a hobo corpse. Nestle his bristle
This towers as your obstacle: my will will never bend!
Doesn’t matter how you struggle, never gets you past the end

[Hook]
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
You’re not going to get the final boss tamed
I crack the whip, you play the game...
How can you defeat me, you don’t even know my name?

[Outro]
Who is my boss?
That's gonna cost you your last hitpoint
Who is in charge of this operation anyway?
“...aw, boot skidoot. You gotta get outta here.”[Verse 1]
Nerd rap infests your internet, you left a trap, but it's empty
MC Frontalot took a gape but the bait wasn't tempting
Ending up uncaged and at large
To talk smack at you through the networking appliance that's in charge
Of every drip of your attention
Yo, when mine goes out I've got to log in just to mention
My disappointment at the interruption of convenience
I mean just: a lot left, but none up in between this
Couple of minutes here and a couple of minutes later
It's an outrage, at the price I paid
These dictators Of my leisure rule with an iron fist
Has anybody ever been so put upon as this?

[Hook]
Your GPS run out of battery (first world problem)
Got to wake up Saturday (first world problem)
You just delayed a honeymoon (first world problem)
Pledge season's coming soon (first world problem)
Half your friend list is spam accounts (first world problem)
And your center channel speaker's out (first world problem)
(Sung) your center channel speaker's out (I can hear that it's not on)

Muffy, my hair regrowth cream is mostly ineffective
And I'm struggling to keep this in perspective
But I feel like a massive injustice occurred
Says "regrows hair" on the tube (in the words)
In a third — or maybe a quarter — of all users
I must have got swindled, is it a fault? Of whose is?
Oooh, Muffy, Muffy, I had all the servants tortured
Did you keep them on retainer? Do you got some more on order?
Cause I can't comb my hair on my own no more
I got accustomed to the lifestyle, sniffed upon the spore
And it molded up my innards, made the blood turn blue
Muffy, Muffy, there's a revolution; what we're gonna do?

[Hook]
Misplaced the Ambien (first world problem)
Left a participle dangling (first world problem)
You're scheduling your root canal (first world problem)
Your grad schooling had no rationale (first world problem)
You didn't like your appetizer (first world problem)
Your yacht got capsized (a first world problem)

[Verse 2]
Now while our capitalism is in a minor kerfuffle
You have to hustle before the fates come, reshuffle
Rustle up another couple grievances and air 'em
You can laugh about it later (maybe needed while despairing)
For the moment though, you ordered half caf, didn't get it
There was no TV set when you jetted; Internet resetted
Itself just as I was in the middle
Of tournament play, and so I suffered from transmittal
Interruption. Completely ruined my day
MC Frontalot's a jackass, that's all I'm trying to say
People buy CDs in these days of disaster
So poor me: I have to be a professional rapper

[Hook]
No bubbles in the soda cup (first world problem)
App crashed when you loaded up (first world problem)
Phone's OS is outta date (first world problem)
Colors won't calibrate (first world problem)
They never stock the snack you want (first world problem)
Caught herpes from a celebutante (first world problem)
(Sung) caught herpes from a celebutante (What a magnificent creature)

Got wallhacked in PVP (first world problem)
Oh no, HD-DVD (first world problem)
Pixels aren't perfect square (first world problem)
Your favorite rapper isn't debonair (first world problem)
You own too many underwear (first world problem)
And you're not much of a millionaire (first world problem)
(Sung) not much of a millionare...in the first worldAnd there’s a reason
Frontalot can tell it to you plain

I’m renowned for my genuine and forthright stance
Now, I never nod knowingly nor wink in a glance
Got to think in advance, plot ahead, and prepare
‘cause the name of the MC, once it’s declared
Is a strong signifier of a fast one pulled
Was a fat tank of fronting turned a teaspoonful?
Are you supposed to suppose I’ve inverted my act?
Is it yet another feint to disorient and distract?
Here’s a pact. Let’s enter it. I’ll be good
For the length of the song that’s already afoot
And I’ll put a little English on it, but believe
That the last thing Frontalot will do is deceive
So, please, this is actual and not made up
But if Frontalot says it, skepticism erupts
I’m not driven to hush. You can heed the reply:
Always tell it like it is, and there is a reason why

Since that’s settled, let’s get to the facts
Every even-keeled stoic always overreacts
All solutions are hacks. Every opposite is an equal
(and if it attracts, look out or you’ll make a sequel)
Freedom’s a right but having any means you’re privileged
And our religion of consumerism might have hit a glitch
Clowns are unhappy. Jugglers drop stuff
I display cowardice whenever you talk tough
My least favorite thing is a hypocrite, but I’ll be one
And the worst thing about my mistakes is they’re all reruns
And I’ll discuss me by name. This occurs
Frontalot gets more recognition than he deserves
I take sincerity backroads but I keep it in the lane
And I promised you a reason so I’d better explain
Why the rest of the catalog appears to careen
If I don’t mean it and you know it then you know just what I meanI'm gonna be your man (gonna be your man)
You're my biggest fan, I gotta give a little something back
I'm gonna be your man (gonna be your man)
See, you don't even gotta ask

I know, you don't want me to die
But you need that lung pretty bad, and I'm the guy
In the 10-county area
Ain't had malaria yet
Plus the blood type (red)
It gets scarier: fed
On the corn & you born a vegan
Fate has indicated that I'm the man you're seeking
Now you're freaking out, and that's okay
Having that much of another man inside you
Isn't going to make you gay
And play along for a second, you could get what I got:
The inexplicable ability to front. A lot!
An inexhaustible nerdcore flow
The charisma to draw eight people to a live show
Myopic vision, and an oversized head
A girl at a convention told me once that I was good in bed
Plus I often meet a crowd and am greeted without booing
Think of all the respiration you'll be doing!
Stop spazzing! it's just a lung
Quit pointing out how I already donated you one
Frontalot is sick of breathing, it's fucking boring
All the time I've got the asthma, and the snoring
And I ought to level with you
The feds have got a warrant for a sample of my tissue
They say I misused a certain substance & they'll get me
So I'mma pass the lung along and get stepping
Too late to protest, here comes the anesthesia
And I'm gonna be your man, to dole the lung that you're in need of
I'm just gonna. Discussion over. Drop it
Hmmm... you look a little drowsy, here's the next topic:
Please lie motionless to indicate you wouldn't mind
If the doctor also swapped your 14 inches for my five[Verse 1]
MC Frontalot stole a beat today (Help! Thief!)
And you can take another look or you can look the other way
But to ignore this crime (is a crime in itself!)
I'm unarmed but a shelf of JB LP's is a wealth
To any rapper worth a salt-lick
Me what you get once you dry out the baltic
(Who's there? What's that?) what, you didn't you hear
'bout the beat that you already got all up in your ear?
(All up in your ear)

[Hook]
(Who's there?) My man Clyde Stubblefield
(What's that?) The sound of the funky drummer
(Who's there?) My man Clyde Stubblefield
(What's that?) The sound of the funky drummer

(Oh, golly!)

[Verse 2]
The MC Frontalot'll take a well known beat and loop it;
I'll front like I wrote it, as if you were stupid
Don't look at me crooked, I be hard to blame
When I claim that I ain't ever even heard the same
The same what? The same beat? The same drama!
(I recall) Chuckie D getting irritated at Madonna
While we're already in trouble we'll
Wring another single out of old Clyde Stubblefield

[Hook]

(There you are, you naughty thing!)

[Verse 3]
Radio suckers never seem to play me
I think because I used to be a man other than me
(How could that be?) When the lyrics are furious
Well, you hurry just to find a beat. I meet curious
MC's: Yo, where'd you get the drum from?
I pummel'em on the advice of LL's mum
(Let me ride) Throw the beat in the trunk, I let the rubber peel
Stretch tracks on the grave of Clyde Stubblefield

[Hook]

(There you are, you naughty thing!)Goth girls, goth girls: they're the girls that go
To see the nerdcore rapper with the geeked out flow
At the show, you can see the black lace on parade
I met a hundred dozen of 'em...

[Verse 1]
Ummmm hello! I was wondering, how goth is my frock?
I got this thing for horror movies and mope rock
But I can't shock my hair up (I ran out of stock)
And just like that, Frontalot ran out of talk
It was tragic, unheard of, never seen, me:
Out of rhymes when they usually come indefatigably
But me here talk good? No, bad talk do!
Like my tongue got encrypted right before I lost root
Like my small talk got box-roxed on a prior boot
It's moot, she only dates guys in chokes and Docs
Not brutes lacking eye-liner like I lack
But look, I'll put a little on plus lip shellac
Just to stand next to that and dream about love
Of necessity, that has always had to be enough
Cause I can't talk to goth girls, I just stare and stammer
"My name is MC frimmer frammer."
Damn her if she giggle, damn her double if she laugh
Goth girls like it when you double-damn it twice fast

[Hook]
Goth girls, goth girls: they're the girls that go
To see the nerdcore rapper with the geeked out flow
At the show, you can see the black lace on parade
I met a hundred dozen of 'em but I ain't got laid

[Verse 2]
Got shunned by her at the Rocky Horror premiere
She steered clear of the nerd crowd but I heard loud in my ear
The disdain that she held for my type
Always geeking on the computron — I get hype
On the stage, she might notice me then and observe
That I'm "ironically hip in some flip universe"
And her purse in patent leather held in fishnet glove
Could then contain MP3 player with the Front filled up
Her name is Nyteshaed, yo don't call her cherry tomato
She look like Paisley Tinkle but poisonous like Topato
She says her hair got attacked cause it's black and it's blue
She got the Johnny the Homicidal Maniac tattoo
Legs all deep in the boots, boots all up on the heels
Yes, the kind to make a certain type of fetishist squeal
The ordeal I endure: this close to her splendor
Besieged by my shyness; try this: I surrender!
And render my intentions in the usual way
(Home alone, SuicideGirls up on the cathode ray.)

[Hook]
Goth girls, goth girls: they're the girls that go
To see the nerdcore rapper with the geeked out flow
At the show, you can see the black lace on parade
I met a hundred dozen of 'em but I ain't got laid

[Verse 3]
IRL, my woman tells me that I shouldn't be covetin'
I tell her "Yo, you better get in a coven then."
It's like eek, I get to sleep on the couch for a week
All watching old Elvira videos on TV
Yeah hee hee hee, laugh it up. You don't live like I do:
At the mercy of any sister with wrist scars and black eye goo
I've tried to get into cheerleaders and failed
Banana Repugnant and tanned, so bland and so stale
Avail myself of the local café, light a clove up
Thumb through Camus (in French, which I can't read, but so what?)
I think that goth could flower in nerdcore's embrace
I mean I converted Edward Gorey's lettering into a typeface
Befriended vampires on LJ and MySpace
Even put that spooky echo filter on the bass
But I can't talk to goth girls, I just stare and stammer
"My name is MC frimmer frammer."
Damn her if she giggle, damn her double if she laugh
Goth girls like it when you double-damn it twice fast

[Hook]
Goth girls, goth girls: they're the girls that go
To see the nerdcore rapper with the geeked out flow
At the show, you can see the black lace on parade
I met a hundred dozen of 'em but I ain't got laid

Goth girls, goth girls: they're the girls that got
Their souls stuck somewhere between the kettle and pot
Frontalot been enamored of 'em since I was young
Met a hundred dozen of 'em, never ever humped oneI played Hassle: The Dorkening once
Had eighteen cards in my hand, all Muds
And I didn’t seem to need a mud card to win
Hadn’t tapped a Mud yet — then the other kid grinned
See, he’d just drawn a battalion of rolling explosions
Plus a card that made me frozen
Those and the roll of a twenty die did it
My last hit point had already got hitted
My last instant had already got acquitted
Got called twice in a turn dimwitted:
It didn’t swell up my ego much
I played Hassle: The Dorkening once

And I’ll make my own game up, and you won’t know
Which mode of the turn phase we’re in, and when to go
And how to lay down cards, and at what angle
I’ll have artifacts like Enchanted Kangol
And Mic of Spurious Rhyme Busting
And creatures like MC Chris On Robotussin
And MC Hawking (who tramples for ample damage)
The rules will be written in C++ and Spanish
And hit counters will increment only
The winner of the hand is the one who’s the most lonely
Because everyone quit
Mumbling about futility and shit[Hook]
I love fags because I am a San Franciscan
If you’re dissing on my homos
Then this censure’s what you’re risking
(I’m insisting on containing my temper but listen up):
You shouldn’t ought to be intolerant about who queers like to fuck (queers like to fuck)

[Verse 1]
Fags are great, they’ve got hundreds of uses
You can see them on TV explaining what puce is
Abstruse is the world, but very simple is the homo:
He or she is anyone who’s keen to do another one more so
Than the opposite, follow?
Fags are great ‘cause almost every single one swallows
Or so I’m led to believe, lesbians also I’ve heard of
Not to mention non-gender-identified spivaks seeking nerd love
And I’ve spurned just about everything there is
‘Cause I was born here, and here’s where I live
Here, I give you this advice: love a fag today
Either up close and personally or from far away
See, fags are gay, and gay’s a good adjective
It means like happy and high, but you had to just
Shy me away from the topic of my fag-love
Something maybe that you’re lacking in?
Don’t get mad just ‘cause you don’t have such a big heart as Frontalot
You could love fags too, you already think dykes are hot
Why not come on down to the street fair?
There’s asses in chaps plus rough trade to meet there
Some of whom been barebacking it in back alleys for years
Yo, I promise if you visit you could meet some queers
And if you love even just one, hooray!
If you don’t, well I hope you enjoyed your stay
And I hope you go on your merry way
With the chorus of my song slowly turning you gay

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
And you don’t love fags, this much is apparent
You’re having nightmares about them, every time you get your hair's cut
You stare what you suspect could be a queer man
In the eye, in the mirror, enzymes coming out your fear gland
He’s got scissors near your eardrums!
You might lose your hearing, you don’t watch it with these queer ones
And here comes your presidential cheerleader now
So “disturbed” by the marriages in my home town
That he’s got to take the tip top law in the land down
Scribble on it: “I hate homos, big bad frown"
Put it back up, be like “what? It’s better!"
Y’all were with me a second ago
When I said that marriage was threatened!
And it was, under siege by these villains
Can you believe they wanted to gang up and have children?
There would be an army of them, teeming and thronging
Tempting every American to give in to forbidden longing
I thought they couldn’t reproduce. That was their weakness!
Now what are we gonna do? They’re gonna seek just
Treatment under the law?
Damn it, that’s like saying "It’s okay to be gay or a lesbian!
Hey man, you cannot say that, society would crumble and fall apart”
I’ll think about that on the BART
Gladdening every inch of the ride
To be on the way to the where-I-reside:
Not just a place where I keep my stuff
But the spot got plenty of the kind of person that I love

[Hook]