[Intro: Florida State Marching Chiefs Chant]

[Nelly] (P. Diddy)
We do it for fun
We just do it for fun
Derrty ENT
We do it for fun
Bad Boy (Nelly, Diddy, Murphy Lee)
We do it for fun (This is history baby)
Bend them trucks
We do it for fun
Stack them bucks
We do it for fun (Come on now)
And the band played on
We do it for fun
If you see me ma
We do it for fun

[P. Diddy]
Bad Boys 2, the soundtrack
Let's Go

[Verse 1: Nelly]
Hey girl, what your name is?
Where you from? Turn around; who you came with?
Is that your ass or your momma half reindeer?
I can't explain it but damn sure glad you came here
I'm still a sucker for cornrows, you know I never changed that
Your body is banging mamma, but where your brains at?
I'm still the same cat when I was young I was running with bad boys
But now I'm older hope they saw I'm running with bad boys
Here come another man
Unlike no other man
Candy coated whoa!
Switching in every lane
Ya'll help me
Why don't cha
Please help me
Eighth girl this week and it's only Tuesday
I like the cocky bow legged ones
Like white and Dominicans
Hispanics and Asians
Shake it for Nelly son
Manolos Ma-no-no's I can't tell
Everybody and their hootchies
When you do it do it well

[Hook]
[Nelly] Let me see you take it off
[P. D.] Girl go and take it off
[Nelly] We can even do it slow
[P. D.] We can even do it slow
[Nelly] Take it where you want to go
[P. D.] Take it where you want to go
[Nelly] Just take that ass to the floor
[P. D.] Pop something move something
Shake ya tail feather, girl go and take it low
[Nelly] We can even do it slow
[P. D.] We can even do it slow
[Nelly] Take it where you want to go
[P. D.] Take it where you want to go
[Nelly] Just take that ass to the floor
[P. D.] Pop something move something
Shake ya tail feather

[Verse 2: P. Diddy] + (Nelly)
Now real girls get down on the floor (on the floor)
Get that money honey act like you know (like you know)
Mama I like how you dance
The way you fit in them pants (Uh)
Enter the floor (Uh) take it low (Uh) girl do it again (Uh)
You know I love that (I love that)
Now where them girls at? (Where the girls at?)
It's Diddy, Murphy Lee, and Nelly how you love that? (Shit uh ohhhhhh)
Come on, we got another one player
From New York to the Dirty how they loving it player?
Baby you impressive let's get
To know each other
You the best of the best and
You got to love it in the dresses, the sexiest
I had to tell her she's a young Janet Jackson live in living color
Look here momma you're dead wrong for having them pants on
Capri's cut low so when you shake it I see your thong
My pocket's full of dough shake your feathers till the morning
It's Bad Boy and Nelly man somebody better warn them

[Hook]

[Bridge: Nelly]
Oh no I heard them bad boys coming
Can't stop now
Got to continue my running (yea)
Because we go party till them lights come on
And then my song start thumping because my mike still on

[Verse 3: Murphy Lee] + (Nelly)
Yo, I'm the big booty type
I like them thick with their mind right (Awe)
Banging personality conversate when the time right (Naw)
I'm not hard I've got women to handle that
They be like, "He the man," when I'm really a Thundercat
Come on you know the tics connect like Voltron
Collect so much grass popo thinking we mow lawns
My gohans don't match that
But it matches her head wrap and the seats that I got in the lap
I'm just a juvenile, because I be about G's
Keep your women wizzy, man; they say they have my babies
I'm young like Tuck, I like the cash and the money
(I'm going to eat my money) Man, I'm that damn hungry
See I'm starving like Marvin girl
I've got sixteen bars of fire is what I'm starting
Plus my rats come in packs like Sammy and Dean Martin
And I got so many ki's you'd think I was valet parking

[Hook]

[Bridge: Nelly]
Oh no I heard them bad boys coming
Can't stop now
Got to continue my running (yea)
Because we go party till them lights come on
And then my song start thumping because my mic still on (man)[Intro: Jermaine Dupri]
After the party it's the Waffle House
If you ever been here you know what I'm talkin about
Where people don't dance all they do is this
And after the original you know what it is

[Ludacris]
Welcome to Atlanta

[Jermaine Dupri]
Remix it had to go down
I got somethin else to tell you 'bout the new Motown
Where people don't visit, they move out here
And ain't no tellin who you might see up in Lennox Square
I don't know about you but I miss the freaknik
Cause that's where my city use to be real slick
People from other cities used to drive for miles
Just to come to get a taste of this A.T.L style
I'm the M.B.P., Most Ballin-ist Player
Make my own moves, call me the mayor
Monday night you know things change with time
Magic sittin back lookin like eighty nine
All the homies on the southside up in the Ritz
Tuesday night, the Velvet Room same shit
Wednesday Strokers I don't go no mo'
Cause they don't know how to treat you when you come through the do'
Thursday night, was Plush but we moved the fuel
And I be up in the booth drunk actin a fool
Friday night, at Kaya they still got love
And the Sharkbar we poppin like it's a night club
Saturday still off the heezy fo' sheezy
You can find me up in One Tweezy
Sunday gettin me some sleep please!!!
I'm on my way to the deck then hittin Jazzy Tee's, holla!!!

[P. Diddy]
Ay yo I'm from New York man!!!
Representin N.Y.C. to the fullest
I pull it, Heads be duckin in New York be bussin
Take that....

[P. Diddy]
Welcome To New York mutha fuckas, where we don't play
And out of towners get got like everyday
And a gangstas a gangsta in every way
Sittin' low on 22's; this what long money do
Now the don's on it, Diddy shine on it
Tell Flex to run it back and drop a bomb on it
Sunday we layin' low at Halo, sippin Cris and we straight
Monday we go to Bungalow 8
Tuesday I'm in spa drunk doin the shake
And for the rest of the week we just follow the freaks
You can spot us out of town by the way that we walk
The way that we talk, cocky the state of New York
Hot now top down at the Rucker game
New coup no roof playa what's my name?
Now Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, Staten
Uptown what now?! let's make it happen

[P. Diddy Talkin]
New York,if you can make it here, you can make it anywhere
We still here!!! And we buildin four more new towers!!!!

[Murphy Lee]
Who say St. Louis ain't hip hop? Dirty we hop to what's hip
I'm a lunatic with too much grip to let a slip
I'm so St. Louis, ask my tatooist
I was like the waterboy now they sayin you can do it
I'm Baby Houie one of the best in the Louie
Sip Louie smoke louie, dressed in Louie
Home of back porches, chucks, and air forces
Old school cars be trailblazin like Portland
The girls are the best like Travis with fat asses
I call 'em gimme girls they always tell me I can have it
All got habits Marijuana exstatic
By two cats and coats with automatics
St. Louis, the truth like Sojourner
Don't need a burna we learn from Ike Turner
I tried to told ya don't cross that bridge
Without permission from those St. Lunatics

[Jermaine Dupri Talking]
Yo-yo-yo-yo
Ladies and gentlemen, we got the big Snoop Dogg in the house tonight
He just came from off tour
And he wanna tell y'all little bit where he come from

[Snoop Dogg]
Palm trees bad bitches and wanna bees
O.G.'s like me eatin on polyseeds
Now laters, jellybeans, and wallabees
Real niggas from the set I'm hardly ever seened
Mostly heard us sell a bird off the cizzurb
They movin yep, we hop and then we swizzurve
Alot of homies like to wear there pizzerm
Hair longer than hers short with the fizzurbs
Doggy dizzog you know I like 'em dizzog
Like Kobe to Shaq now take that
(Jermaine Dupri: Take that take that)
Long Beach is on the mother fuckin map
And sittin by the sea, R.I.P
JD, you know about the L.B.C
Blood and stellas, cold hearted killas
Real cop pillas, real shot fillas
Ain't no squeelas, alot of dopes dealers
Bang diggy dang dang dogg pound gangsta crip gang
Yeah we do the damn thang
Home of coroners, scoop, buck, cocaine
Head to the church house to get a little workout
Smoked out drink up, now put ya bank up
It's all on me I got a scenery too stank up
Crank up the beat, raise up the heat
I'm thrownin a block party on two one streets, fo' sho

[Jermaine Dupri & Ludacris x 4]
Welcome to Atlanta remix HEY!!!
And we ride on dem thangs like ev-ery day
Big beats, hit streets, see gangsters roamin
And parties dont stop 'til eight in the mo'nin[Intro: Sample from "I Call Your Name" by Switch]
I used to think about immature things
Y'know like, do you love me, do you want me
Are you gon' call me like you said you would
Is this really your real phone number

[Lil Jon]
Wait a minute motherfuckers

[Verse 1 Andre 3000]
Ain't a hood nigga but a nigga from the ho-od
See Momma stayed on me so I turned out pretty go-od
But if you wanna try, sucker now then we can do it
Ha-ha sleep, Tylenol PM if I pull it
Sh-sh-sheep, count 'em for the rest of ya life
Yeah, yeah your partner got away but now he vegetable-like
So, so I sent his mom and dad a whole case of V8
He can die, any second, how much long it's 'gon take
Gon get it over with, oh what if, you were in my loafers then
You might be the dope but I would flush it down the toilet
Like the boys in blue, when they come through with them boots
And they kickin down the do', and they don't care who they shoot
But we do care who they shoot, so we do what we must do
So we act like we run track, then we run straight to the back
But they comin from the back, so we run back to the front
They say get down on ya knees we say what the fuck you want
They want cheese, they want bread, they want dough, they want mo'
Than I wanna give 'em but if I keep talkin' they won't know
That my cousin in the back, and we call him Roto-Rooter
Slash plumber, cash runner, and he fire on them computers, log out

[Refrain: Rich Boy]
Fuck niggas wanna jack
Shit tight, no slack, just bought a Cadillac
Throw some D's on that bitch
Just bought a Cadillac
Throw some D's on that bitch
Just bought a Cadillac
Rich Boy sellin crack, fuck niggas wanna jack
Shit tight, no slack, just bought a Cadillac
Throw some D's on that bitch
Just bought a Cadillac
Throw some D's on that bitch
Just bought a Cadillac

[Jim Jones]
Shout outs to Rich Boy, Mobile Alabama, let's get it
Shout outs to Rich Boy, we all wanna be rich, boy
Alabama bricks boy tryin' to get them big toys
Two-twelve motorin' tell Harry, throw some D's on that bitch
Now I'm gettin' fly couple G's on the fit
I'm at the jeweler now throw some freeze on the bitch
I got a chest cold and I might sneeze on the bitch
We at the strip club we throw some G's on that bitch cause we ballin'
We all OutKasts, hot cars, we coppin' cash
Chop shop, the added stash, cop cars can kiss my ass
The car wash my whips, glowin' no tints we fish bowlin'
No top with the piff blowin', throw some D's on that bitch
And we go hard, Zone 4, D-Boy squad
We don't need the bar, coast with lawyers baby just to beat the charge
We got a fetish coppin' speedy cars charge it to my Visa card
They never thought that we'd get large

[Murphy Lee]
Lunatics sittin' fat, St. Louis on the map
Sixty-nine wet black, I just got my Cutty back
Throw some D's on that ho, I just got my Cutty back
Throw, throw some D's on that ho, I just got my Cutty back

[Nelly]
How could I slip, how could I fall
When you're baby mama got my poster high up on her wall
And that ain't all she done gave me them drawers

[Murphy Lee]
I'm Murphy Lee please tell yo' sexy little sister I called
Last time she asked me for some money I was sent to the North
But now I'm rich and she can get it see these D's match my fitted

[Nelly]
My paint is banana splitted inside is totally ig'nant
Outside is totally kitted, to be specific it's wicked how them Derrty Boyz did it

[Murphy Lee]
That Buick Regal, I lit it
My Monte Carlo's terrific
That El Dorado (Got switches) Tamika and them, I done hit it
That twenty mill, I done spent it, that house on the hill
And that diamond herringbone you know them niggas did it
Walk up in the strip club, lookin for a big butt
Shawty wanna get fucked, I brought about ten what
Throw throw some ones on 'em Mo, I brought about ten what
Throw throw some ones on 'em Mo, I brought about ten what

[Refrain: Rich Boy]

[Rich Boy]
It's Rich Boy yeah baby I'm a baller
I dropped a hit and had to go park my Impala
I threw some D's on that Lac and now it's taller
They see the wheels on my De Ville so they holla
Let's get this dollar, I got the fat man 'Lac
Took it to the paint shop and got the fat man black
I hold my jacket with my Tokyo Adidas on
Ho don't even call my phone if you ain't gonna get me on
So fuck you haters, I'll see you later
Might see the gator, in my Escalator
Mama told me put some D's on it son you ridin' wrong
So I took them 20's off and put the monster wheels on

[Refrain: Rich Boy]

[The Game]
All red Chevrolet, 26's ridin' high
Dukes of Hazard doors, in Compton we call 'em suicides
Suede roof, leather seats, woodgrain steering wheel
Candy apple hardtop, Game logo on the grill
California license plate ridin' through the A-T-L
Keep my tires bald I never leave a paper trail
Nah I'm a keep it clean, ball when I hit the scene
Elbow out the window, show 'em how to gangsta lean
Put Cali on the map, westside on my back
Hometown on my face, forty-five on my lap
Twenty in my earlobe, hundred on my neck piece
Just bought a Bentley nigga and  I'm a throw some D's on that bitch
Pull up at the rim shop and throw some D's on that bitch
Might as well cut the top
Let the sunshine in and the bass jump out
Hit the block 15's vibratin' the whole fuckin' house[Hook]
See now you could be a lady or a bitch girl
Still, you're thicky thicky thicky thick
Lookin like a lolli-pop waitin for the lick girl
You're thicky thicky thicky thick
Remind me of my 6-4 waitin at the switch girl
You're thicky thicky thicky thick
Could be a crime that I'm waiting to commit girl?
You're thicky thicky thicky thick

(Murphy Lee)
So basically I'm a joke right?
Look me in the eyes and tell me if you don't lie
When I use that, shoes untied before you know it, method:
First step we getting naked, pants gone in 20 seconds
It's gettin hectic, wreck it just like a hooptie with insurance
But it seems I'm behind schedule with broad troubles twistin & pullin
I'm like shorty help me (come on)
Help me (please) don't blow my high, cause I'm too horny
She giggles and gives a horny smile...
So I take advantage
Kisses in gentle places tryin to get myself established
I'm comfortable, wanna be in that moe with no control
Concentrating on my every lick her every blow
Yep, I'm still blowed, but cooler than two below
And how I got that rubber on, her ass'll never know
IT'S ON, put my penis in accurate, just relax a bit
Now it's my time to party like the lunatics at an after-set

[Hook]

(Ali)
Now I comes first like the front porch, in a Polo Sport shirt
Skirts, there they are, gots to flirt cause I'm far
From Average Lame with that "What's your name?" game
I'm stormin on your brain like a surgeon in the rain
Take the fame if you can, watch me wrap like Saran
All up in these sheets, now you on me like a tan
Leavin me like a van in reverse, that's the worse
Playa curse put up on me now
We spreadin on my homies like a germ
Watch me turn into captain kill a ho
Fill a ho strong
Watch me last long like a penny broke many motels
I got a rich coupon
I'm doing dismounts on futons
Comin out like Keyuan
I'm ill like ceramic in a hammock, got damnit
That's my words, ooh's and aah's slurred like a verb
Showin action like an ass like a metaphor
Now I'm headed for the highways
Selling me by's sideways

[Hook]

(Nelly)
I spit mo' shit off into they ears than dialtones and telephones
Just to get their ass back home
Come watch the Bed-rock like Flintstones
But son too strong, so I smoke a sack as fat as Santa (y'know)
Drive me nuts like Planters, hawkin a nigga like offalana (swish)
I ban ya from the smoke house, trick, who you think you fuckin with?
Trying to play me like Jim Carrey and pull some dumber and dumber shit
Stomp me like a step show (grab hold) then I let go
(Flows) split that ass like g-strings up on these rat hoes
I pose as a threat, to hit any one of you niggas rattin
Spit some game and get a bird, come watch us tag team like free bird
Say the word, I be at rest with all my partners
Straight loungin with a pocket full of rubbers and have it bouncin
Go make the announcment, spark more Dynamite than "Good Times"
Want both girls like prime time, want real highs and thick thighs
Take pride in my stabbin, headboards you be grabbin
Got 'em bangin the walls so hard the neighbors callin

Asking you "What happened? What's goin on over there even?
Sounds like you guys are goin crazzzzzzzyy.."

[Hook] (begins over above)

[Hook] (2X)[Murphy Lee]
Whooooooooooo
Damn, that girl fine, that girl fine, that girl fine
Yo, yo, Kanye, yo turn it up, a little bit, whoo

[Hook]
Take notes while I take tokes to the marijuana smoke
One look and murder she wrote
She drop dead gorgeous, she drop dead..

[Kanye West {*over the hook*}]
Yo, this is a Roc-a-Fella, St. Lunatics collaboration
Chi-Town and St. Louis
She said she ain't never seen Murphy Lee befo'

[Verse 1: Murphy Lee]
I called her back from an earlier beep
Fo' in the mornin' they be like "Nah, I wasn't sleep"
Convenient whore stay on top of convenient stores
Keep pictures of me in their Victoria Secret drawer
I keep somethin' hot on tour
Can ya, Kenyatta, make sure they know before what is really in store
See I adore the ones that call me Torhi, true story
I created 'hood rats so these new mice bore me
See I normally settle for sevens, but eights I can't wait
Nines be wantin' time and dimes be wantin' dates
So know I got elevens and twelves
With at least thirteen or fourteen reasons why they fine as hell
I hit 'em up like Blu Cantrell
Hehehehehehehehe hell, I remember when she smashed LaBelle
See most women kinda sneaky like a six-year old
Hey yo they always in the summer, somethin' wrong with their nails

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
What's the point of havin' a girl that's drop dead
That you know don't like you?
She'll run over your head with a motorcycle
I mean the way you look is nice, but there's more to life boo
Cuz I could go to videos and get fo' just like you
I talked to your ex-boyfriend and took a census
But you don't read the cookbook, you just look at the pictures
Matter of fact, when's the last time you looked at the kitchen?
This is gettin' ridiculous, how you gettin' defensive?
Jimmy Choo, Frankie B., bitch you gettin' expensive
I know you fuckin' around, my sixth sense told me
That ain't no male friend that bought you the stereo
She said "He gay anyway, you don't know nothin' about Jamario"

[Hook][Intro: Murphy Lee]
Hahaha, yo, yo, yo, yo
You never met a nigga like me
Yo yo, have you ever seen a little dude
Who be doing what I do?
Uh huh, yo whoo!
Let's get at it dog, whoo!

[Verse: Murphy Lee]
Now what goes up, must come down (shiiett)
But we ain't coming down, it be them same ole' clowns
Aiming your pound pretending they proud
But when you leave town they go around they running they mouth (maaann)
They something like a hater man
Talking bad about a playa as if I'm not gon see ya later man
You constantly frontin until you confronted on
If you don't like whats going on gwoin to another song
Cause I keep a hater guilty
My cars and my money all alike man, both them filthy (get it?)
From skimpy and empty to fuel on full
See I be high when my 'Ca-go Bulls
Obey no rules to school you fools
Schoolboy's err'y where, we're Young Dude news (maann)
St. Louis like Blues, D. Miles and Larry Hughes
And the Young Dude done paid young dudes' dues dude

[Hook - repeat 2x]
[JD:] But yo, what da hook gon' be (Uh oh!)
[ML:] See I don't need no fucking hook on this beat (Shiieet)
All I need, is the track in the background
My headphones loud, keep the blunt goin 'round and I'mma rip

[Verse: Murphy Lee]
The sun'll come out.. tomorrow
And I will never have to borrow
Got my first car when I turned sixteen
Only drove it home outta town limosines
Plus we was broke wit a deal but nobody could tell
So we did what we had to do for "Country Grammar" to sell
Haha, I stay on my own melodies
Plus I like my Booties and my Boobs like a capital letter 'B'
That's how it is, how it better be
I preferably rather have two or three girls in the bed wit me
Close your errs [ears] ma you ain't heard nothin (whaa?)
I always pay ma let a brother hold somethin
I'm basically coming from nothing to something
When I say nothing meaning pocket full of lint and buttons
(We all we got!) Used to be creative on Halloween (how you gon?)
Stop a hotter teen went from nada to a lot of things

[Hook]

[Verse: Murphy Lee]
People always saying man it must be nice
No hi no nothing not a simple house life
Understand the money's good but I'm still from the hood
So don't be asking for no "inch" and be expecting the "foot"
Unless you want a foot (whoo!)
I know a few crooks that can place you where you need to be put
And it might not cost me playa
Got a Benz pepper interior, paint salty playa
And we all push it, but me I push it real good
Brains blown out, chromed out, wheel real wood
Catch me on your local derrty
Or in the studio doing vocals derrty
I'm the same dude that came through wit my crew
Let the girls do me while you do you
And um, all I need is JD beat to be banging
And I'll come up wit these verses that I'm usually slanging
I be ripping man

[Hook - to end][Murphy] Yo y'all got another pair headphones in there I could use?

[King Jacob]
Uhh, King Jacob
Yeah, Fala Beats
Murph, Durph, ohh (Derrty E.N.T.)
We all we got

[Hook: King Jacob]
My niggas we gon' stomp, that's what we gon' do
The girls gon' bounce, the gangstas gon' groove
My nigga we gon' stomp, that's what we gon' do
The playas gon' win, the haters gon' lose
I said we gon' stomp, that's what we gon' do
The girls gon' bounce, the gangstas gon' groove
My nigga we gon' stomp, that's what we gon' do
The playas gon' win, the haters gon' lose
I said we gon' stomp

[King Jacob]
7 in a day roller, bong smoker, dope choker
Fo'-fo' two hundred spoker, Polo sporter, bet I poke her
Call me Mr. Roper, medulla oblongata slicer
Shoot dice up, pursue the juice that move the price up
'F' you if you don't like us, fool, your life up
Me removin my foot from ya ass know that's that screwed my Nike up
Like Ruben I'm uhh, "Sorry" for my rap presence in the game bein Derrty
Now I rock 'til two-thousand-forty
Last call for that Bacardi
It be me bein corny on TV with Barbies, think some girls in Cali saw me
Cause I'm a flyer individual while hire individuals
I'll fire individuals, I'm critical
A King (King) named Jacob (Jacob)
Me, Murph Durph make missies poke end up in mini-skirts
Game shooter, high poster, aim through the
Center of the frame, we Derrty-ly Entertain

[Hook]

[Murphy Lee]
For you nosy, you nosy muh'fuckers, barbershop-ass niggas

Yo, aiyyo Timb' boots, starch jeans, brand new, white tee
Hundred dollar button on, mo' colors than Ice-T
Haters didn't like me, "School Daze" like Spike Lee
Now most likely like Mike Tyson they bite me
Dressed just like me, dreads just like me
Nine times out of ten they more fruity than Hi-C
Gon' head and bite him then, offer that fool a Heinekin
Claimin that he tighter then, don't add up so I'm minus'in
Always in her vagina when under blankets like Linus man
(Why?) Cause I da man and all royal My Highness and
Rolls truck, turkey leather seats with a hole in it
Beef-brown woodgrain, pork didn't go with it
Fish tank in the trunk, chickenhead on my lap
Even King Jacob, now he gettin head in the back
Hoes, clothes, automo's, smokin 'dro, all I know
All them questions leave 'em on the other side of the MO

[Hook]

[Prentiss Church]
We gon' stomp down the club flo', stomp down the punk ho
Stuck coast-to-coast niggas slump from the steel-toe
Write me a stomp rhyme, beat down and stomp mines
Beat a punk nigga to the flo' and you know it's stomp time
Fuck a two-step, like a band march
On the good foot, for your hood boy
Church better recognize, Mr. Prentiss for president
Bitches better pay ya ties, we keep a rappin veteran
Derrty knockin let me in, known for kickin the door dawg
Think that you better niggas show me, let's have a stomp-off
Go hard, stack your cheese up until you can't see the sky
Haters be hatin, love to hate me but wanna be this guy
Catch him at his foul play, hawk him like a hallway
Chalk him and mash him, happens often, matter fact, all day
Haters can't stand us, stomp if ya cash up
Hoes twist that ass up, now stomp - c'mon, faster

[Hook]Hands up now {*repeat 14X*}

[Hook: Nelly]
Mmmmmm, I'm from where they cook the work in the kitchen (in the kitchen)
Why you think we rock these platinum gold grills (gold grills)
It take a whoooole lot of gr-indin
To put the Daytons on that Cadillac DeVille (well alright!)
I say but now we're up in the BIG LEAGUES
St. Louis, y'all up at bat (uh-huh)
And just as long as we livin (what about it) it's Lunatics playa
Derrty E.N.T., we all we got - ohh, batter up!

[Ali]
Check check.. I'm the lead-off batter
Shootin dice in the dugout, they gon' walk me, it don't matter
Movin up the ladder, Derrty E.N.T. we came fatter
They think my bat quicker, they check it every time it shatter
(Skerr-ERRRT!) She threw a knuckleball
The rookie ran down for one, I walked down and fucked 'em all
I keep it mellow, she one-point-five, I'm Cigarello
First base, Chocolate Tai come move the place

[Chocolate Tai]
Now who the hell left the gate open cause it stayed open
These haters prayin and hopin that it's not Chocolate
Don't pop the verses, I pop a lot
PULL UP SLOWWWWW! Pop a drop and still got fans in my five for naught
Been in the game for a minute, always represent it
Cocoa tenants, so-so Dior's in it - ooh gotta love her
Miss Loiusville slugga, try to tag, I can't touch ya
For her, DEA they tryin hard to fuck her

[Hook]

[King Jacob]
Yo, c'mon... as I approach the plate
My approach is great, 34 I'm fat, I'm holdin weight
Known for extra bases, got them extra cakes and pies
Throw 'em in extra basements, get them straight to go by ride
Heat don't wear me out, so that's cool, I doubled up
That mean the Benz get bubbled-up and your friends can come and stuff
I got bad nerves, no patience, up and stealin third
Nigga pass the word, Derrty E.N.T., fuck what you heard
Most my niggas foul, cookin off the mans now
If I can make it home again I'd give my hat to the crowd
They in the stands cheerin loud, once the King takes up the scope
Anticipatin for mo', intoxicated the flows
My derrties make hits for sho' so I ain't stranded no mo'
You gotta be drunk, mad full of dope thinkin we handin it over
If I ain't, passin the doja, and addin the dough up
That mean it's, guess I'mma load up, see yo' ass in the hole up - KING

[Tru]
Yeah, and I couldn't wait to swing
With more blow than George Young on a Chinese bing
I'm a 16-year old drug dealer, with brick skills
That's where they sell it all, I'mma ball and make a mil'
You can see me now, I got them treaties now
I got them ounces and birds, I'm on the curb gettin greedy now
No shame in my 'caine - bakin soda, ain't my thang
Put your mouth on this pipe, and go and blow out your brain
I got that +Base+ like Rob, hit it your face throb
Shitty shark jumpin out the entourage like the mob
Move bricks like a demolitionist, never miss a hit
First round draft pick, money stretch long like elastic
Jack Frost put it in plastic
Hit the bricks, the shit flip quick, like gymnastics
Platinum and the gold grills, big ol' wheels
It's Taylor Made, Derrty Entertainment, Nelly what the diz-eal?

[Hook]

[Prentiss Church]
Ahhhh I wanna hit somethin, rip somethin, stick somethin
Pants saggin in my battin stance, set and ready - SWING, the pitch comin!
Double up like Ozzy do, halves, fifties and boppers too
We robbin you like over-the-wall grabs and how are you (safe!)
And I can stone on you, umpires tryin to throw me out
Fuck the game he don't know me, I'll show him what I'm all about
S-T-L-O-U-I-S; e'rrrrybody like "You the best"
That's why I got the Derrty medallion with diamonds on my chest
They got me playin center, and yup I'm still the center of attention
The gun to most niggas in this division
I got a rifle of an arm, I'm skinny but I perform
I'm calm but still slept on like "Ring the Alarm"
Two corns on my big toe, lil' toe nail gone
I'm runnin through the catcher, whatever, to get the hell home
Well-known, line drive, head gone, headstrong
Derrty E.N.T. get in that ass - so you can head home

[Hook]

[Nelly]
Well you should see me now, white Lambourghini now
Ain't really got nowhurr to park it but funk it, I got it anyhow
Only thing left for me to do is to "Dream of Jeanie" now
Smokin gabrini greenie now - but I ain't shy
I'mma go with white socks, and burrs on my team
I used to cut it, cook it, and place it - then purrs on the Beam
Used to slang that coke-y like Sammy Sosa
I would tell ya more but I ain't supposed ta

[Murphy Lee]
I want my name not, not said but screamed
Cause I finally seen "my dream" like Martin Luther the King
My pockets fat cause I been eatin since, '99
Put rhymes between fine lines, time to shine
I'm a 20 year-old silly dude, wit a Derrty deal
The biggest problem I got is gettin the spinners for my sturring wheel
I'm in the Coupe DeVille, left side in the back seat
Front seat be the good weed, back seat be the ass cheeks

[Hook]

[Nelly]
Uhh... swing batter batter, swing if you wanna hit now BATTER UP!
Uhh... swing batter batter, swing if you wanna hit now BATTER UP![Murphy Lee]
Whooooooooooo
Damn, that girl fine, that girl fine, that girl fine
Yo, yo, Kanye, yo turn it up, a little bit, whoo

[Hook]
Take notes while I take tokes to the marijuana smoke
One look and murder she wrote
She drop dead gorgeous, she drop dead..

[Kanye West {*over the hook*}]
Yo, this is a Roc-a-Fella, St. Lunatics collaboration
Chi-Town and St. Louis
She said she ain't never seen Murphy Lee befo'

[Verse 1: Murphy Lee]
I called her back from an earlier beep
Fo' in the mornin' they be like "Nah, I wasn't sleep"
Convenient whore stay on top of convenient stores
Keep pictures of me in their Victoria Secret drawer
I keep somethin' hot on tour
Can ya, Kenyatta, make sure they know before what is really in store
See I adore the ones that call me Torhi, true story
I created 'hood rats so these new mice bore me
See I normally settle for sevens, but eights I can't wait
Nines be wantin' time and dimes be wantin' dates
So know I got elevens and twelves
With at least thirteen or fourteen reasons why they fine as hell
I hit 'em up like Blu Cantrell
Hehehehehehehehe hell, I remember when she smashed LaBelle
See most women kinda sneaky like a six-year old
Hey yo they always in the summer, somethin' wrong with their nails

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
What's the point of havin' a girl that's drop dead
That you know don't like you?
She'll run over your head with a motorcycle
I mean the way you look is nice, but there's more to life boo
Cuz I could go to videos and get fo' just like you
I talked to your ex-boyfriend and took a census
But you don't read the cookbook, you just look at the pictures
Matter of fact, when's the last time you looked at the kitchen?
This is gettin' ridiculous, how you gettin' defensive?
Jimmy Choo, Frankie B., bitch you gettin' expensive
I know you fuckin' around, my sixth sense told me
That ain't no male friend that bought you the stereo
She said "He gay anyway, you don't know nothin' about Jamario"

[Hook][Intro: Nelly]
Can I get a hey hey?
I get a ho ho
Can I get a hey hey?
I get a ho ho

[Verse 1: Murphy Lee]
(Verse One).. What's it gon be today? (Let's see)
The yellow Benz or the red Navi'
Iny, miny, ony, mo
That's the way I pick when I'm ready to roll
Murph Dert got the limos wit his vehicles
(Yeah that's the way it go when you got money to blow)
Ho! well then, say no mo'
Just think, I was on my way to the sto'
I got scratched but I don't got nails
Got my own truck but I wanna drive trails
Plus I won a house in ATL and that depends on my sales
And I'm tryin' to get a mil before my album hit the shelves
And I ain't talkin' bout no signin' bonus (uh-uh)
'Tics went platinum to remind ya homey
I'm not a restroom so ain't no need to stall
I don't run or walk now so I can give it to em all

[Hook: Nelly]
Say hold up, wait a minute
Lemme put some pimpin' in it
Now, big booty I'm recommendin'
And I ain't been in this spot for a minute

Say hold up, wait a minute
She wanna get derrty wit it
Now, baby girl wanna handle her business
So I guess we'll be back when we finish

I don't wanna leave by myself
(Boy, you ain't gotta leave by yoself)
Ooh.. Shiit, Taxi!

[Verse 2: Murphy Lee]
(Verse Two) I call her back from an earlier week
4 in the mornin' they be like (Mm-mm nah I ain't asleep)
Career whore, stay on top of convenient stores
Get pictures of me in they Victoria Secret drawers
Keep summin hot on tour, couldn't keep anything hotter
Make sure they know before what is really in store
I adore the ones that call me Tohri, true story
I created hoodrats, so these new models bore me
See I load up the 7 wit 7's, for 8's I can't wait
9's be one time and Dimes we won't date
So now I got 11's and 12's
Wit at least 13 or 14 reasons why they fine as hell
I hit em up like Blu Cantrall
He-he-he-he-he-he-he-hell
I remember when you smashed the bail
I'm just a, derrty who can and you hatas stand out
I'm like the pie in the window, I'm just too damn hot

[Hook: Nelly]
Say hold up, wait a minute
Lemme put some pimpin' in it
Now, big booty I'm recommendin'
And I ain't been in this spot for a minute

Say hold up, wait a minute
She wanna get derrty wit it
Now, baby girl wanna handle her business
So I guess we'll be back when we finish

I don't wanna leave by myself
(Boy, you ain't gotta leave by yoself)
Ooh..Shiit, Taxi!

[Verse 3: Murphy Lee]
(Three) (Can I get a hey hey?
Can I get a ho ho?)
Not you the one behind ya girl
I done spit 2 verses tryin' to find ya girl
And if you need a sex deal, lemme sign ya girl
Just give me your information
And I'll keep you in heavy rotation
I wanna touch you wherre the sun don't shine
I got a watch but I don't got time
So if you wit it, then you wit that's good
Cuz if you not then I could simply take you back to the hood
...Cuz I love my hoes
Pimpin' ain't easy but it's under control
I got a lot of shit in me but I'm a commode
Cell phone, arrea code overload
I called Mannie in Louisian-ny
Said the MO's is off the hook and make em move they fanny

[Hook: Nelly]
Say hold up, wait a minute
Lemme put some pimpin' in it
Now, big booty I'm recommendin'
And I ain't been in this spot for a minute

Say hold up, wait a minute
She wanna get derrty wit it
Now, baby girl wanna handle her business
So I guess we'll be back when we finish

Say hold up, wait a minute
Lemme put some pimpin' in it
Now, big booty I'm recommendin'
And I ain't been in this spot for a minute

Say hold up, wait a minute
She wanna get derrty wit it
Now, baby girl wanna handle her business
So I guess we'll be back when we finish

I don't wanna leave by myself
(Boy, you ain't gotta leave by yoself)
Ooh..Shiit, Taxi![Intor]
Lady's and gentlemen, ladies and
Gentlemen, it's time to ball. Jazzy Pha's
On, Jody Breeze, woah woah Murphy Lee

[Hook]
It's in da game, it's in da game, it's in
Da game, it's in da game, it's in da
Game, it's in da game, it's in da game
It's in da game woah, it's in da game
Woah, it's in da game

[Verse one: Memphis lee]

See I'm a grizzly when in Memphis bring
The heaty in Miami I'm a Laker you a
Faker I'm a clipper when in Cali, I'm a
Wizard I use Larry, when you struggle I use
Jerry, if you triple Carmelo
Then ima kick it out to Barry. I'm the
First one on that joystick, second player
In it, I can beat shaquille o'neal, free
Throws hittin him. back him up, post him
Cross him over show him up, take that man
To the cup, make that point and throw him
Up. ain't no time for celebrating, fast
Break with jason kidd, kenyon martin in
The air, alley-oop is what I mean. and my
Army never lose, never took a beating neither 'nd
Beat a man by 20 points, probably saying
Computer cheatin'..

[Hook]

[Verse 2: jazze pha]
Im average height six foot tall, catch me
Driving down the lane... all we do is put
My name on my jersey, I'm a player I'm a
Starter, a shooter and a leader I can be
It all I'm a baller. and fashion down
Here everybody want an interview, that's
Here mama, daddy always wins my shoes
Jazzy pha thinks he even got his own
Shoes, after the game can shoot it if he
Wanted to, my player's a show no can't
See him over there - show no - phantom
Over here, got him over here and raping
Like.. I have no burgers, he's like a
Shrink

[Hook]

[Verse 3; jody breeze]
Yeah, I'm in the same bubble as
The Indiana Pacers, man, so I'm sticking
With the proper name, like McGrady oh
When you, it's the Olympics you'd be
Better trying to make it in, yeah I got
Clicks better make it in, raised in the
Game yeah better make it in, you a
Hustler being in a dream but i'll tell
You man, but I could go get you when it
Going back, even if we go get it it's a
Half court pressure man, it's just as
Hard man playing under pressure who cares
About my money playing under pressure
Post it on the block make it easy for a
Layup..

[Hook][Verse 1: Murphy Lee]
You make a brotha wanna faint (damn!)
Or put you on a plate, sock you up wit a mu'fuckin' biscuit
Maan, it was a house party ayyo I probably sound corny
I got oatmeal hormones ma, I'm instantly horny
I mean, the way you carry yourself
I mean, if I wasn't you I'd probably marry myself
I'm in ya eyes, did I say ya ass? I mean ya eyes
Face bangin' haven't even got to ya thighs
I mean the walk-to-walk is like the Matrix
I could sit a drink on that ass if I had nowhere to place it
Face it, how could anybody dislike you?
These others girl are cool, but not quite like you
I mean, ayyo I focus on my pass a lot
But relationships like "Twister", gotta hold ya spot
I mean, and you know that my time is skimpy
If I'm the only in yo heart then it's probably empty
Girl..

[Hook: Zee]
Ohh Murphy, Murphy Leee
Ohh things ain't what they used to be, nooo
But ever since you hit the road
Yes I'm spent in this relationship
And I'm so in love that it makes me sick

Ohh Murphy, Murphy Leee
Ohh things ain't what they used to be, nooo
I can't spend this time alone
I tell ya without you
You'd make me stronger

[Verse 2: Murphy Lee]
You too fly to be askin' a guy why
All my life love kept on "passin' me by"
You can't change a woman by diamond chainin' her
Change don't make change, mathematically train her
It's a two way thing
Now Scott tell a Motorola by high chairs and baby strollers
I be the sun, you be the moon let the kids be the star
I know who you is, you know who I are
And when the do' close, you know I ain't goin' that far
You got keys to erry house, keys to erry car
And hell yeah, I need love too like LL
I must be on Neptune, cuz love is for real but still
You not from much and, so girl it ain't no rushin'
And respect how there be more talkin' than touchin'
Seein' you no frontin' is way better than nuttin'
And it means summin to me, if you want me speak on it
Girl..

[Hook: Zee]
Ohh Murphy, Murphy Leee
Ohh things ain't what they used to be, nooo
But ever since you hit the road
Yes I'm spent in this relationship
And I'm so in love that it makes me sick

Ohh Murphy, Murphy Leee
Ohh things ain't what they used to be, nooo
I can't spend this time alone
I tell ya without you
You'd make me stronger

[Verse 3: Murphy Lee]
You a housewife
The type of girl that always know what time it is
The tick-tock type, keep her own shoes tied, push her own riide
Quick to give me money when my bills too high
..I need top-notch sex
Wash dishes, and sweep, mop topless
Never give me stress, love when the God bless
Makin' love to the mime boo could be a mental mess
And you don't like me like shy but I'm a lover mon
Other the other hond, can't stand you wit another mon
I went from Timberlond's, tuxedo's, camabons
I got a fast, fast girl I don't wanna run
I can't help it I ain't ready
But see havin' a steady girl is a different world like Freddy
Love is deadly, in the shower singin' melodies
I'll make it up if ya let me girl..

[Hook: Zee]
Ohh Murphy, Murphy Leee
Ohh things ain't what they used to be, nooo
But ever since you hit the road
Yes I'm spent in this relationship
And I'm so in love that it makes me sick

Ohh Murphy, Murphy Leee
Ohh things ain't what they used to be, nooo
I can't spend this time alone
I tell ya without you
You'd make me strongerYeah, yeah, yeah

[Hook: Kanja]
Now look at me, look at everybody else in the parking lot, take a look at my shoes
Cause I do what I do everybody else talkin' like, take a look at my shoes
And it's amazing how real I am and how lame they are, it's the shoes on my car, or the shoes on my body?
I'm a do what I do, whilst you take a look at my shoes

[Verse 1: Murphy Lee]
Hey rich boy looky here, just got my cutty back
Threw some D's on that, Now I want my money back
They only 20 inches, and ordered 28 o' those
69 Blue with' new pirelli panty-hose
I call her crutches, my car seat
Ya see I wake up to a chick so it ain't hard to get up
And all ya haters play in tha back, so you can hate me from a distance
Cause I'm lookin' down on ya boy, I'm 28 inches from the ground

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Murphy Lee]
These ain't comin' out pimpin, naw naw naw
You see me dirty now, haters gotta point em out
My sneakers stage frighten, sorry they ain't comin out
Them camp boys go to jail and I'm a ride em out
And I ain't gotta holla at unk, for them to walk it out, (walk it out)
See I'm a real boss, say homie that's real talk
I make ya see my vision clear like a tear drop
I'm gettin' real guap, I'm poppin' like pills pop
Graffiti shell toes, I'm real hip-hop
Now take a look at these, they ain't even been released
I got em 2 months before they even hit the streets
That's thinkin for the future, and everything exclusive
Ya money in the bank and still shoppin with the boosters
So while you lookin' stupid, I'm spittin like I'm toothless
Pay my respect to Eazy when I got the coupe roofless
These dudes think they winnin' all along they really losing
So St. Louis go on tell em who the truth is

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Murphy Lee]
Ay yo murph man was homeschooled, clean as a cop car
Stay in a shop boy, and party like a rockstar!
Monte Carlo pullin up, parkin lot eye stopper
Chrome all on that bitch, look at it and need an eye doctor
Fresh pair o' everything, smellin like dough, got the hood, paparazzi
Dirty everybody know me, I'm a St. Louis Lunatic
You can call me Dirk, rim burstin with my style
See ya lookin like murph, but these shoes hard to fit
Might end up blindin ya, my best BMW sittin on onion
Now I bet ya never ever seen wheels shinin like these, (nooo)
And I bet ya never seen kicks change colour like these, (nooo)
Now when I'm rollin through my hood, girls wanna cruise
Dudes all wishin they could walk in my shoes
But I'm just doin me and so should you...

[Hook][Verse 1: Nelly]
Uh, uh, uh, uh
I'm automatical, infatical, radical even
I wanna clearr all the misconceptions and shit ya believe in
I'm leavin' nothin' to the imagination
I won't stop on my Emancipation Proclamation
Through the radio stations
Facin' me, ain't that hard but it ain't that easy
Like I don't know when to play hard and when to play easy
Believe me, George and Weezie couldn't move up this fast
I'm lappin' errybody can't tell if I'm first or last
It won't hurt ya ass, but it might hurt yo ass
To come trippin', find derrty got the perfect stash
The perfect gat, left in ya ass thought I would run
Laughin' at them niggas who thought derrty was done
I'm a, son a g, I'm not a son of bitch
I'm makin' sure that my son and my sons gon be rich
Daughters and my daughters in no particular order
I leave em layin up out the water wit straps to protect they ball up
Cuz I call it

[Hook: Ali & (Nelly)] - x2
I need some Kool-Aid (Whaa?)
Wit my red hot riplets
(Tell em what ya-tell em what mean man)
You all that and a bag of chips
And I just wanna know if me and you can dip
That's all

[Verse 2: Kyjuan]
Baby girl you sweeter than Kool-Aid, the red flavor
"Ooh that's my favorite", yeah I know my game is major
She gave me her card, she said I can page her
I was gon wait a couple of days but I did her a favor
Call her now, invite myself awake the neighbors
Beatin' loud, swoopin' like a caped crusader
Without the cape, without the tights
Her baby daddy was the type to have a truck like mine
No beach rims, no door pipes
Of course that, I love her apple bottom short set
She got upset, I said she couldn't fire up a cigarette
Small brat, ain't used to cats wit short stacks
If you ask me for summin, drop her off where the porch at
I'm on a mission, turn the keys in the ignition
Beat steady, beatin' Tweeter steady whistlin'
She's seen my glisten, started to trip
Murph, she's all that and a bag of chips

[Hook: Ali & (Nelly)] - x2
I need some Kool-Aid (Whaa?)
Wit my red hot riplets
(Tell em what ya-tell em what mean man)
You all that and a bag of chips
And I just wanna know if me and you can dip
That's all

[Verse 3: Murphy Lee]
Look, I want some mushu whether I'm in Cali or Cancun
No goin' out, I like to stay in my damn room
(Damn!) She got a donkey-o, this must be a damn zoo
(Ooh!) Look at the monkey yo, she must be a baboon!
Please don't feed me mama I'm like an animal
Especially after 12, can you handle my stamina?
You won't believe the things I say when you walk by
My game cool but when it's on but it's hot when I talk high
Now ought I, take you home but am I wrong
I'm a kid ma, you know I don't wanna be Home Alone
Plus I felt summin therre when we was dancin' on that song
I like togetherness, can we all get along?
Can we all, get in my car and talk about it in the morn'
And make decisions when wake up and yawn
Come on, you can tell me if you like it or not
Cuz I'ma have my Kool-Aid and my riplets red hot

[Hook: Ali & (Nelly)] - x2
I need some Kool-Aid (Whaa?)
Wit my red hot riplets
(Tell em what ya-tell em what mean man)
You all that and a bag of chips
And I just wanna know if me and you can dip
That's all

[Verse 4: Ali]
Yo, yo, them muthafuckas just too damn hot
Nigga like the pie in the window
Cross the gun line and even get shot to find the indo
Eatin' red hot, riplets promotin' passin' out snippets
Seen you walkin' wit the triplets, I'm clubbin lookin' terrific
I need some Kool-Aid, shiit I got to get it wit it
Put my spoon up in ya pitcher see if it fit up in it
(And) smoke for a second (And) told her I'll wreck it
Told her groupie connection, got in the room and told her get naked
Told the Lunatics, told her how I reflect it
Lemme show you from the Show-Me, no talk fo sho respect it
And ya red hot, butt and now ya say ya hearin' not
It's the rap Fred Flintstone, I makin' the Bed Rock
I give it to ya never failin ya, handlin' business I'm tellin' ya
You ever need me again I'ma be through in on my celluar
And I'ma store y'all never on the red hot riplets and Kool-Aid
(Kool-Aid!)..I need my money nigga..[Introduction: Stephen Marley]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, right down
Right down, light on, right down

[Hook: Nelly]
They say, walk down the river
Cause the river don't run
Same thing makes you laugh, makes you cry
That's why what goes around comes around, my son
They say, walk down the river
Cause the river don't run
Same thing makes you laugh, makes you cry, come on
Plus I got the rocks, them yellow diamonds and that bling

[Verse 1: Nelly]
Come on, yeah, yeah, yeah
And, I've got two twin Cutlass's interior gatored
I call them Now and Later's cause they're candy flavoured
You see, I drive one now and drive the other one later
Shit, it's the new Fresh Prince and all I'm missing is Jada
I've got a hard drive, all I'm missing is data
Please give my number to your sister, I've been missing a dater
I hate to hate a hater, in fact I hate to hate
Hating is hating, you should never hate, congratulate
Look here, my attitude is sensed that you may never know my mind
I know just what I'm thinking if I don't want you inside
Yeah, inside my mental, I know you meant well
I'm Out Of Time and out of Training Days like Denzel
Never the gangster type, more like a hustler, man
I fuck them ones up out them Playboy books and Hustler, man
Honeys and Black Tails, the King magazines
The Maxim or the Eye Candy, Jet Beauty Queens

[Hook: Nelly]

[Verse 2: Nelly]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm a spit it 'til I really can't spit it no more
Nothing's changed, cell phone's still three-one-four
No, the Derrty ain't moved to near East, West coast
I'm a Midwest swinger cause they love me the most
Some like me humble, others like me to boast
Please, my whole life is alphabets and numbers
I take a G4, land to that H2 Hummer
Leave at seven-forty-five in LA for the summer
I've got the worldwide sale to check the e-mail
Plus, four-oh-one K plan in A-T-L
Got eight females, I see them all from eight to twelve
The only player who can ball without his A.C.L
Who may not be original but still a don-dada
I'm gon' take this beat and flip it, I'm gon' make it hotter
You go ahead and take your plane and I'm gon' take the chopper
I'm tired of niggers' fronting like they're top gun shotters' (hey)

[Hook: Nelly]

[Bridge: Stephen Marley]
Not come running over, Jah-Jah shine his light
Blessed is the day, sacred is the night
Wrong wishers beware now that I am here
Hey, Lordy, Lordy, Lordy, Lordy, Lord
Lordy, Lordy, Lordy, Lordy Lord

[Verse 3: Murphy Lee]
Shoot, they thought a Derrty wouldn't make it this far
Now I'm supporting my family, they liking who I are
Schoolboy's a hard worker, they consider him a star
I guess that's why they look at us as if we're from Mars
Singin-a-ling, I deal with bars like weight trainers
Hustling's got me bigger like weight gainers
Always remain a Saint Louis entertainer
My women love me later, how could a hater blame her
Shoot, I'm just that dude that kicks bars for a living
Get rich and trick, collect cars for a living
Houses on hills, with great lakes in the back
Bowling alleys in basements, beds bigger than Shaq's
Damn, look at the leather in that old school 'Llac
They be doo-doo green, I wonder who would do that
The original rude dude, considered too cool
Probably know me from touching your booty at school

[Hook: Nelly][Intro - Beanie]
You know we hadda do a remix right?
Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho!
All you Young Gunnerz!
Hey Just, this the one right here baby!
I told you dawg!

Its B Sig in the place with State P
And we got what it takes to rock the mic right Yeah!
Still watch what you say to B. Sig
Cause I still will knock your ass the fuck out

[Verse 1 - Beanie (Freeway)]
I bring the hood when I'm travelin
Scrap backwoods unravelin
Scrap smoke good when we travelin
Forget the Mac's cause the K's fit good in the Caravan
I clap up your hood like the hammer man
Bring your gat, better bust it if you get that close
Scared to clap better strap your folks (strap...your...folks)
Who want beef with State P...
Enemies try to speak to me
Negative they don't get that close

[Verse 2 - Freeway (Beanie)]
Its Free, listen
Blow trees with Mac Mittens
(No we didn't) Yes we did!
Switch beginnings, Smith and Wesson precision
Bring the broads down with ribbons
(Leave a mess in your crib)
Not a brave nigga?
(Fuckin with some made niggas)
Hit him with the AK nigga
(Free no you didn't)
Yes I did
Overpayed shit? Wait a minute...
When this fakin, snatch the cake up out his crib
(Then slide, uh)
I'm like the baker with your pies
(Then rise)
Set up shop and distribute where you live
It's Freeway in the place with my squad
And we got what it takes to DUMP the K
FLIP your ride!

[Chrous 1 - Beanie]
Its B Sig in the place with State P
And I got what it takes to rock the mic right Yeah!
Still watch what you say to Young Free
Cause 50 shots still will turn the club out
[Hook 2 - Freeway]
Its Freeway in the place with State P
And we got what it takes to the rock the mic right Yeah!
Still watch what you say to B Sig
Cause we got what it takes to dump the D-E
[Hook 3 - Nelly]
Its Nelly in the place with Murph Lee
And I got what it takes to rock the mic right Yeah!
You better watch what you say around herre
Cause theres somethin on my waste to make the whole place break
[Hook 4 - Murphey Lee]
Its Murph dun in the place with Nelly
And I got what it takes to rock the mic right Yeah!
You better watch what you say to my face
Cause I got what it takes to shake the whole place

[Verse 3 - Murphey Lee]
Murphy Lee's eighteen entertainin 'em
Twenty-one when I'm clubbin it
Fake ID for the fuck of it
I'm just a school boy, somewhat new boy
If you can't get Nelly you'a settle for who boy?
Two toy carrier, two stashes
One truck that seats six asses
22's to confuse the masses
Remove glasses, blow smoke up in my ashes
I used to drive my mama stuff
Now the school boy puttin twenties on the Bomb Pop truck
I make rappers go back to the block
They be like "maybe I was better off selling rocks"
I'm Murphey Lee in the place to be punk
And I got enough skunk to fill the whole blunt
I take trips with chumps up in my trunk
And I take em real far to a safe place to dump

[Verse 4 - Nelly]
Down down, I'm witcha dirty go head and lay down
Finance a pay-down, heard what I said now?
See how I procede with caution
My whip crack fast all you niggas is horses
Randy Moss', I play when I wanna
Nut check, gut check, cause I say what I wanna
Around six in the six with the throwback
Sixers, number six Julius Irv'
Cris and the herb, make it hard to swerve
Throw your hands up; if you didn't bang your rim on the curb
You couldn't hit while you was makin a turn
I strike a nerve in old MC's wantin a comeback
I got the strength that he's lost and that's fact
Like K - "Know" one here even said your name
R - You really feelin guilty bout somethin mayn
S - Sad to see you really just want just
One - more hit please please!
You the first old man should get a rapper's pension
No hits since the cordless mic invention
I'm snitchin; matter fact, stay the fuck out the kitchen
Nelly kickin with too many dimensions
Midwest, and we aim about mid-chest
Duked on my side, too many in my tribe
Coupe outside who the fuck want a ride?

[Hook 3]
[Hook 2]

[Outro - Freeway (to fade)]
All a y'all need to one yo self
Go get the burner nigga clap yo-self!
All a y'all need to one yo self
Go get the burner nigga clap yo-self!
Yeah! Its the, its the Roc nigga
Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho!
And another one...Chingy and Murph durph
Uh

[Hook] (2X)
Ooo Ooo
Let me get a sample of that ass, Ooo Ooo
I ain't +Mystikal+ but girl, +Shake it Fast+, (Don't stop, get it, get it)
Ooo Ooo, You think I can come over and smash?
Ooo Ooo, Don't stop, get it get it (Do what you do)

[Chingy]
The club be packed, Hey, send me a bottle of that
It's hella ass, some with glitter and exotic tats
You know my stats, superfly, MAC
I'm in the back getting worked by this girl named Cognac, matta fact
I want to take her home, the reefer got me in the zone
Intentions to bone, we all alone, by ourself
This ain't a strip club, but she act like it
Ever seen her, bowling pins dawg, she stacked like it
Now I'm at the bar, chicks treating me like a star
In my face, asking questions, and can they ride in my car
I'm law, so authorities can't pin me for shit
Hey baby, see me and you, we can pack it up and split
Let's go, forget Motel 6, we can go to the Mariot
I see it in her eyes, man a girl getting very hot
I'm packing like a 357, so I keep magnums
Keep it real, cause you will never find out if you don't ask em, Is we tagging?

[Hook]

[Murphy Lee]
If your ass is fat and you know it, clap your hands
Wearing those pants, I'll be damned if I'm iss my chance to advance
I'm in a tan, what's the name, I own some whatchamacallits
They keep spinning and spinning, hey man, What do you call it?
Got a 1-5 jersey, on the go with them wheels
Look at it wiggle wiggle, she say it's all in the heels
You a damn lie girl, I think it's all in the skills
And for real, I think you practicing on what pay the bills
You be confused man, I look picky as hell
Never trust a big butt, and a smile like Ricky Bell
What the hell?, Murphy rather pay to get out of jail
Cause if she tell me to pay, somebody better pay my bail
Matta fact, I'mma pay myself, my own money
Mr. long money, even after I loan money
I own honey's mentals man, I'm in they mouth so much
God damn, I pay for dental plans, man

[Hook]

[Chingy]
Get it, get it girl, it's your world, I'm a squirrel, (squirrel)
Searching for a nut, so more than scissors I cut, (cut)
You can be a slut (slut), hoochie lady, or housewife, (wife)
A real man gon' want to hit it, it's hanging out, right? (right)
Ladies don't get offended, when he tell you that you're thick, (you are)
And he wouldn't mind coming over about six
If you like the smooth, let him, you don't dig em? Don't sweat 'em
You want 'em? Play like your panties and t-shirt and let 'em wet 'em

[Murphy Lee]
Hey yo, my ladies come in +Dueces+ like +Staley+ and +McAllister+
Came up with the 'Tics, they help me not fall like banisters
Sammy Sosa's got traded for Ken Griffey's
And when we roll, the L's stay lit, like Missy
Plus I stay busy, like kids, I call it biz
And if it is what it is, I'm on your head like wigs
I'm a rapping Taye Diggs, I give the women they groove back
When it comes to the wood, I'm the best man to use that
[Hook]

Chingy, Murph durph, uh uh
Let me get a sample of that ass
Murph durph and, Chingy, what they, say?, uh
Let me get a sample of that ass, S-T-L
St. Louis, north side[Intro: Florida State Marching Chiefs Chant]

[Nelly] (P. Diddy)
We do it for fun
We just do it for fun
Derrty ENT
We do it for fun
Bad Boy (Nelly, Diddy, Murphy Lee)
We do it for fun (This is history baby)
Bend them trucks
We do it for fun
Stack them bucks
We do it for fun (Come on now)
And the band played on
We do it for fun
If you see me ma
We do it for fun

[P. Diddy]
Bad Boys 2, the soundtrack
Let's Go

[Verse 1: Nelly]
Hey girl, what your name is?
Where you from? Turn around; who you came with?
Is that your ass or your momma half reindeer?
I can't explain it but damn sure glad you came here
I'm still a sucker for cornrows, you know I never changed that
Your body is banging mamma, but where your brains at?
I'm still the same cat when I was young I was running with bad boys
But now I'm older hope they saw I'm running with bad boys
Here come another man
Unlike no other man
Candy coated whoa!
Switching in every lane
Ya'll help me
Why don't cha
Please help me
Eighth girl this week and it's only Tuesday
I like the cocky bow legged ones
Like white and Dominicans
Hispanics and Asians
Shake it for Nelly son
Manolos Ma-no-no's I can't tell
Everybody and their hootchies
When you do it do it well

[Hook]
[Nelly] Let me see you take it off
[P. D.] Girl go and take it off
[Nelly] We can even do it slow
[P. D.] We can even do it slow
[Nelly] Take it where you want to go
[P. D.] Take it where you want to go
[Nelly] Just take that ass to the floor
[P. D.] Pop something move something
Shake ya tail feather, girl go and take it low
[Nelly] We can even do it slow
[P. D.] We can even do it slow
[Nelly] Take it where you want to go
[P. D.] Take it where you want to go
[Nelly] Just take that ass to the floor
[P. D.] Pop something move something
Shake ya tail feather

[Verse 2: P. Diddy] + (Nelly)
Now real girls get down on the floor (on the floor)
Get that money honey act like you know (like you know)
Mama I like how you dance
The way you fit in them pants (Uh)
Enter the floor (Uh) take it low (Uh) girl do it again (Uh)
You know I love that (I love that)
Now where them girls at? (Where the girls at?)
It's Diddy, Murphy Lee, and Nelly how you love that? (Shit uh ohhhhhh)
Come on, we got another one player
From New York to the Dirty how they loving it player?
Baby you impressive let's get
To know each other
You the best of the best and
You got to love it in the dresses, the sexiest
I had to tell her she's a young Janet Jackson live in living color
Look here momma you're dead wrong for having them pants on
Capri's cut low so when you shake it I see your thong
My pocket's full of dough shake your feathers till the morning
It's Bad Boy and Nelly man somebody better warn them

[Hook]

[Bridge: Nelly]
Oh no I heard them bad boys coming
Can't stop now
Got to continue my running (yea)
Because we go party till them lights come on
And then my song start thumping because my mike still on

[Verse 3: Murphy Lee] + (Nelly)
Yo, I'm the big booty type
I like them thick with their mind right (Awe)
Banging personality conversate when the time right (Naw)
I'm not hard I've got women to handle that
They be like, "He the man," when I'm really a Thundercat
Come on you know the tics connect like Voltron
Collect so much grass popo thinking we mow lawns
My gohans don't match that
But it matches her head wrap and the seats that I got in the lap
I'm just a juvenile, because I be about G's
Keep your women wizzy, man; they say they have my babies
I'm young like Tuck, I like the cash and the money
(I'm going to eat my money) Man, I'm that damn hungry
See I'm starving like Marvin girl
I've got sixteen bars of fire is what I'm starting
Plus my rats come in packs like Sammy and Dean Martin
And I got so many ki's you'd think I was valet parking

[Hook]

[Bridge: Nelly]
Oh no I heard them bad boys coming
Can't stop now
Got to continue my running (yea)
Because we go party till them lights come on
And then my song start thumping because my mic still on (man)[Intro - J-Kwon] w/ (ad-libs)
Ayo Track Boys
This could possibly be the biggest remix ever
Lets go!
Track Boys! (J-Kwon)
Yeah (Ching-a-ling, Murph Derp)
True story, true story

[Verse 1 - J-Kwon]
A here comes the B to the C to the D
No cat out the Lou gangsta as me
Y'all hit two, I'm just goin for three
Bottle full of Cris, but I still rock a tee
And you got a little fat denim, from the streets
Drink so much that it fucked up my tee
People wasn't drunk, so why they wanna be
Cause you get eleven thousand spins in a week
Here comes the C to the B to the A
Never fall off like B2K
Wanna get tipsy, you one drink away
Why would I buy when it's better when you pay
Track Boys from the Lou, Jermaine from the A
But they got the boy gettin tipsy with Sway
Then she said she had somethin to say
"One hit wonder" please I'm here to stay!

[Hook - J-Kwon]
Now e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody
(E'rybody in the club get tipsy)
Oo-ooh, Now e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody
(E'rybody in the club get tipsy)
Oo-ooh, Now e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody
(E'rybody in the club get tipsy)
Oo-ooh, Now e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody
(E'rybody in the club get tipsy)

[Verse 2 - Chingy]
Stop! I pulled up to the club already filthy
She say she don't give head, she innocent til proven guilty
Walkin VIP, cats screamin "GIB!"
Skull cap with a bib on the back DTP
This girl starin so I put a spell on her like a gypsy
We bought up the bar with hundreds some drunk not tipsy
Don't trip cause the whole St. Louis is ridin with me
Cats start hatin, tell them people come get me
Yeah! here comes the king of the Midwest C
H to the I to the N to the G (Y)
My homies in the back puffin on some ooo wee
I know the owner so I snuck in the Uzi
Plus if I blow somebody they gon' try to sue me
If rappin was a film I'm starin in this movie
The Git It Boys hurr, they gon retch and boozee
Let's take it from the club to the ja-cuzzi

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Murphy Lee]
Ayo one I am the dude that the people call Murph (Murph)
Check my resume you can see I put in work (work)
Two new women that I add to my phone (phone)
Three roll joints, smoke one when I get home (home)
Four real dirty you and I versale (sale)
Those the people I thank, when my damn record sales (sale)
Five new problems and one ain't broke (broke)
White Porsche truck wood grain like Coke
Now e'rybody in the club lookin spiffy
Mama got on a dress, boots from the sixties
Oh girl pissy, Shantay tipsy
Kim, Kesha, and Pam all leavin wit me
Jackers wanna get me, it's not that simply
Seventeen fillin up, but you can make it empty
Now which one of y'all niggas wanna tempt me
(Now which one of y'all niggas wanna tempt me)

[Hook]

[Outro]
E'rybody in the club gettin tipsy
E'rybody in the club gettin tipsy
E'rybody in the club gettin tipsy
E'rybody in the club gettin tipsy[Murphy] Yo y'all got another pair headphones in there I could use?

[King Jacob]
Uhh, King Jacob
Yeah, Fala Beats
Murph, Durph, ohh (Derrty E.N.T.)
We all we got

[Hook: King Jacob]
My niggas we gon' stomp, that's what we gon' do
The girls gon' bounce, the gangstas gon' groove
My nigga we gon' stomp, that's what we gon' do
The playas gon' win, the haters gon' lose
I said we gon' stomp, that's what we gon' do
The girls gon' bounce, the gangstas gon' groove
My nigga we gon' stomp, that's what we gon' do
The playas gon' win, the haters gon' lose
I said we gon' stomp

[King Jacob]
7 in a day roller, bong smoker, dope choker
Fo'-fo' two hundred spoker, Polo sporter, bet I poke her
Call me Mr. Roper, medulla oblongata slicer
Shoot dice up, pursue the juice that move the price up
'F' you if you don't like us, fool, your life up
Me removin my foot from ya ass know that's that screwed my Nike up
Like Ruben I'm uhh, "Sorry" for my rap presence in the game bein Derrty
Now I rock 'til two-thousand-forty
Last call for that Bacardi
It be me bein corny on TV with Barbies, think some girls in Cali saw me
Cause I'm a flyer individual while hire individuals
I'll fire individuals, I'm critical
A King (King) named Jacob (Jacob)
Me, Murph Durph make missies poke end up in mini-skirts
Game shooter, high poster, aim through the
Center of the frame, we Derrty-ly Entertain

[Hook]

[Murphy Lee]
For you nosy, you nosy muh'fuckers, barbershop-ass niggas

Yo, aiyyo Timb' boots, starch jeans, brand new, white tee
Hundred dollar button on, mo' colors than Ice-T
Haters didn't like me, "School Daze" like Spike Lee
Now most likely like Mike Tyson they bite me
Dressed just like me, dreads just like me
Nine times out of ten they more fruity than Hi-C
Gon' head and bite him then, offer that fool a Heinekin
Claimin that he tighter then, don't add up so I'm minus'in
Always in her vagina when under blankets like Linus man
(Why?) Cause I da man and all royal My Highness and
Rolls truck, turkey leather seats with a hole in it
Beef-brown woodgrain, pork didn't go with it
Fish tank in the trunk, chickenhead on my lap
Even King Jacob, now he gettin head in the back
Hoes, clothes, automo's, smokin 'dro, all I know
All them questions leave 'em on the other side of the MO

[Hook]

[Prentiss Church]
We gon' stomp down the club flo', stomp down the punk ho
Stuck coast-to-coast niggas slump from the steel-toe
Write me a stomp rhyme, beat down and stomp mines
Beat a punk nigga to the flo' and you know it's stomp time
Fuck a two-step, like a band march
On the good foot, for your hood boy
Church better recognize, Mr. Prentiss for president
Bitches better pay ya ties, we keep a rappin veteran
Derrty knockin let me in, known for kickin the door dawg
Think that you better niggas show me, let's have a stomp-off
Go hard, stack your cheese up until you can't see the sky
Haters be hatin, love to hate me but wanna be this guy
Catch him at his foul play, hawk him like a hallway
Chalk him and mash him, happens often, matter fact, all day
Haters can't stand us, stomp if ya cash up
Hoes twist that ass up, now stomp - c'mon, faster

[Hook][Hook]
See now you could be a lady or a bitch girl
Still, you're thicky thicky thicky thick
Lookin like a lolli-pop waitin for the lick girl
You're thicky thicky thicky thick
Remind me of my 6-4 waitin at the switch girl
You're thicky thicky thicky thick
Could be a crime that I'm waiting to commit girl?
You're thicky thicky thicky thick

(Murphy Lee)
So basically I'm a joke right?
Look me in the eyes and tell me if you don't lie
When I use that, shoes untied before you know it, method:
First step we getting naked, pants gone in 20 seconds
It's gettin hectic, wreck it just like a hooptie with insurance
But it seems I'm behind schedule with broad troubles twistin & pullin
I'm like shorty help me (come on)
Help me (please) don't blow my high, cause I'm too horny
She giggles and gives a horny smile...
So I take advantage
Kisses in gentle places tryin to get myself established
I'm comfortable, wanna be in that moe with no control
Concentrating on my every lick her every blow
Yep, I'm still blowed, but cooler than two below
And how I got that rubber on, her ass'll never know
IT'S ON, put my penis in accurate, just relax a bit
Now it's my time to party like the lunatics at an after-set

[Hook]

(Ali)
Now I comes first like the front porch, in a Polo Sport shirt
Skirts, there they are, gots to flirt cause I'm far
From Average Lame with that "What's your name?" game
I'm stormin on your brain like a surgeon in the rain
Take the fame if you can, watch me wrap like Saran
All up in these sheets, now you on me like a tan
Leavin me like a van in reverse, that's the worse
Playa curse put up on me now
We spreadin on my homies like a germ
Watch me turn into captain kill a ho
Fill a ho strong
Watch me last long like a penny broke many motels
I got a rich coupon
I'm doing dismounts on futons
Comin out like Keyuan
I'm ill like ceramic in a hammock, got damnit
That's my words, ooh's and aah's slurred like a verb
Showin action like an ass like a metaphor
Now I'm headed for the highways
Selling me by's sideways

[Hook]

(Nelly)
I spit mo' shit off into they ears than dialtones and telephones
Just to get their ass back home
Come watch the Bed-rock like Flintstones
But son too strong, so I smoke a sack as fat as Santa (y'know)
Drive me nuts like Planters, hawkin a nigga like offalana (swish)
I ban ya from the smoke house, trick, who you think you fuckin with?
Trying to play me like Jim Carrey and pull some dumber and dumber shit
Stomp me like a step show (grab hold) then I let go
(Flows) split that ass like g-strings up on these rat hoes
I pose as a threat, to hit any one of you niggas rattin
Spit some game and get a bird, come watch us tag team like free bird
Say the word, I be at rest with all my partners
Straight loungin with a pocket full of rubbers and have it bouncin
Go make the announcment, spark more Dynamite than "Good Times"
Want both girls like prime time, want real highs and thick thighs
Take pride in my stabbin, headboards you be grabbin
Got 'em bangin the walls so hard the neighbors callin

Asking you "What happened? What's goin on over there even?
Sounds like you guys are goin crazzzzzzzyy.."

[Hook] (begins over above)

[Hook] (2X)[Intro: Sample from "I Call Your Name" by Switch]
I used to think about immature things
Y'know like, do you love me, do you want me
Are you gon' call me like you said you would
Is this really your real phone number

[Lil Jon]
Wait a minute motherfuckers

[Verse 1 Andre 3000]
Ain't a hood nigga but a nigga from the ho-od
See Momma stayed on me so I turned out pretty go-od
But if you wanna try, sucker now then we can do it
Ha-ha sleep, Tylenol PM if I pull it
Sh-sh-sheep, count 'em for the rest of ya life
Yeah, yeah your partner got away but now he vegetable-like
So, so I sent his mom and dad a whole case of V8
He can die, any second, how much long it's 'gon take
Gon get it over with, oh what if, you were in my loafers then
You might be the dope but I would flush it down the toilet
Like the boys in blue, when they come through with them boots
And they kickin down the do', and they don't care who they shoot
But we do care who they shoot, so we do what we must do
So we act like we run track, then we run straight to the back
But they comin from the back, so we run back to the front
They say get down on ya knees we say what the fuck you want
They want cheese, they want bread, they want dough, they want mo'
Than I wanna give 'em but if I keep talkin' they won't know
That my cousin in the back, and we call him Roto-Rooter
Slash plumber, cash runner, and he fire on them computers, log out

[Refrain: Rich Boy]
Fuck niggas wanna jack
Shit tight, no slack, just bought a Cadillac
Throw some D's on that bitch
Just bought a Cadillac
Throw some D's on that bitch
Just bought a Cadillac
Rich Boy sellin crack, fuck niggas wanna jack
Shit tight, no slack, just bought a Cadillac
Throw some D's on that bitch
Just bought a Cadillac
Throw some D's on that bitch
Just bought a Cadillac

[Jim Jones]
Shout outs to Rich Boy, Mobile Alabama, let's get it
Shout outs to Rich Boy, we all wanna be rich, boy
Alabama bricks boy tryin' to get them big toys
Two-twelve motorin' tell Harry, throw some D's on that bitch
Now I'm gettin' fly couple G's on the fit
I'm at the jeweler now throw some freeze on the bitch
I got a chest cold and I might sneeze on the bitch
We at the strip club we throw some G's on that bitch cause we ballin'
We all OutKasts, hot cars, we coppin' cash
Chop shop, the added stash, cop cars can kiss my ass
The car wash my whips, glowin' no tints we fish bowlin'
No top with the piff blowin', throw some D's on that bitch
And we go hard, Zone 4, D-Boy squad
We don't need the bar, coast with lawyers baby just to beat the charge
We got a fetish coppin' speedy cars charge it to my Visa card
They never thought that we'd get large

[Murphy Lee]
Lunatics sittin' fat, St. Louis on the map
Sixty-nine wet black, I just got my Cutty back
Throw some D's on that ho, I just got my Cutty back
Throw, throw some D's on that ho, I just got my Cutty back

[Nelly]
How could I slip, how could I fall
When you're baby mama got my poster high up on her wall
And that ain't all she done gave me them drawers

[Murphy Lee]
I'm Murphy Lee please tell yo' sexy little sister I called
Last time she asked me for some money I was sent to the North
But now I'm rich and she can get it see these D's match my fitted

[Nelly]
My paint is banana splitted inside is totally ig'nant
Outside is totally kitted, to be specific it's wicked how them Derrty Boyz did it

[Murphy Lee]
That Buick Regal, I lit it
My Monte Carlo's terrific
That El Dorado (Got switches) Tamika and them, I done hit it
That twenty mill, I done spent it, that house on the hill
And that diamond herringbone you know them niggas did it
Walk up in the strip club, lookin for a big butt
Shawty wanna get fucked, I brought about ten what
Throw throw some ones on 'em Mo, I brought about ten what
Throw throw some ones on 'em Mo, I brought about ten what

[Refrain: Rich Boy]

[Rich Boy]
It's Rich Boy yeah baby I'm a baller
I dropped a hit and had to go park my Impala
I threw some D's on that Lac and now it's taller
They see the wheels on my De Ville so they holla
Let's get this dollar, I got the fat man 'Lac
Took it to the paint shop and got the fat man black
I hold my jacket with my Tokyo Adidas on
Ho don't even call my phone if you ain't gonna get me on
So fuck you haters, I'll see you later
Might see the gator, in my Escalator
Mama told me put some D's on it son you ridin' wrong
So I took them 20's off and put the monster wheels on

[Refrain: Rich Boy]

[The Game]
All red Chevrolet, 26's ridin' high
Dukes of Hazard doors, in Compton we call 'em suicides
Suede roof, leather seats, woodgrain steering wheel
Candy apple hardtop, Game logo on the grill
California license plate ridin' through the A-T-L
Keep my tires bald I never leave a paper trail
Nah I'm a keep it clean, ball when I hit the scene
Elbow out the window, show 'em how to gangsta lean
Put Cali on the map, westside on my back
Hometown on my face, forty-five on my lap
Twenty in my earlobe, hundred on my neck piece
Just bought a Bentley nigga and  I'm a throw some D's on that bitch
Pull up at the rim shop and throw some D's on that bitch
Might as well cut the top
Let the sunshine in and the bass jump out
Hit the block 15's vibratin' the whole fuckin' house[Intro: Murphy Lee]
Hahaha, yo, yo, yo, yo
You never met a nigga like me
Yo yo, have you ever seen a little dude
Who be doing what I do?
Uh huh, yo whoo!
Let's get at it dog, whoo!

[Verse: Murphy Lee]
Now what goes up, must come down (shiiett)
But we ain't coming down, it be them same ole' clowns
Aiming your pound pretending they proud
But when you leave town they go around they running they mouth (maaann)
They something like a hater man
Talking bad about a playa as if I'm not gon see ya later man
You constantly frontin until you confronted on
If you don't like whats going on gwoin to another song
Cause I keep a hater guilty
My cars and my money all alike man, both them filthy (get it?)
From skimpy and empty to fuel on full
See I be high when my 'Ca-go Bulls
Obey no rules to school you fools
Schoolboy's err'y where, we're Young Dude news (maann)
St. Louis like Blues, D. Miles and Larry Hughes
And the Young Dude done paid young dudes' dues dude

[Hook - repeat 2x]
[JD:] But yo, what da hook gon' be (Uh oh!)
[ML:] See I don't need no fucking hook on this beat (Shiieet)
All I need, is the track in the background
My headphones loud, keep the blunt goin 'round and I'mma rip

[Verse: Murphy Lee]
The sun'll come out.. tomorrow
And I will never have to borrow
Got my first car when I turned sixteen
Only drove it home outta town limosines
Plus we was broke wit a deal but nobody could tell
So we did what we had to do for "Country Grammar" to sell
Haha, I stay on my own melodies
Plus I like my Booties and my Boobs like a capital letter 'B'
That's how it is, how it better be
I preferably rather have two or three girls in the bed wit me
Close your errs [ears] ma you ain't heard nothin (whaa?)
I always pay ma let a brother hold somethin
I'm basically coming from nothing to something
When I say nothing meaning pocket full of lint and buttons
(We all we got!) Used to be creative on Halloween (how you gon?)
Stop a hotter teen went from nada to a lot of things

[Hook]

[Verse: Murphy Lee]
People always saying man it must be nice
No hi no nothing not a simple house life
Understand the money's good but I'm still from the hood
So don't be asking for no "inch" and be expecting the "foot"
Unless you want a foot (whoo!)
I know a few crooks that can place you where you need to be put
And it might not cost me playa
Got a Benz pepper interior, paint salty playa
And we all push it, but me I push it real good
Brains blown out, chromed out, wheel real wood
Catch me on your local derrty
Or in the studio doing vocals derrty
I'm the same dude that came through wit my crew
Let the girls do me while you do you
And um, all I need is JD beat to be banging
And I'll come up wit these verses that I'm usually slanging
I be ripping man

[Hook - to end][Intro: Jermaine Dupri]
After the party it's the Waffle House
If you ever been here you know what I'm talkin about
Where people don't dance all they do is this
And after the original you know what it is

[Ludacris]
Welcome to Atlanta

[Jermaine Dupri]
Remix it had to go down
I got somethin else to tell you 'bout the new Motown
Where people don't visit, they move out here
And ain't no tellin who you might see up in Lennox Square
I don't know about you but I miss the freaknik
Cause that's where my city use to be real slick
People from other cities used to drive for miles
Just to come to get a taste of this A.T.L style
I'm the M.B.P., Most Ballin-ist Player
Make my own moves, call me the mayor
Monday night you know things change with time
Magic sittin back lookin like eighty nine
All the homies on the southside up in the Ritz
Tuesday night, the Velvet Room same shit
Wednesday Strokers I don't go no mo'
Cause they don't know how to treat you when you come through the do'
Thursday night, was Plush but we moved the fuel
And I be up in the booth drunk actin a fool
Friday night, at Kaya they still got love
And the Sharkbar we poppin like it's a night club
Saturday still off the heezy fo' sheezy
You can find me up in One Tweezy
Sunday gettin me some sleep please!!!
I'm on my way to the deck then hittin Jazzy Tee's, holla!!!

[P. Diddy]
Ay yo I'm from New York man!!!
Representin N.Y.C. to the fullest
I pull it, Heads be duckin in New York be bussin
Take that....

[P. Diddy]
Welcome To New York mutha fuckas, where we don't play
And out of towners get got like everyday
And a gangstas a gangsta in every way
Sittin' low on 22's; this what long money do
Now the don's on it, Diddy shine on it
Tell Flex to run it back and drop a bomb on it
Sunday we layin' low at Halo, sippin Cris and we straight
Monday we go to Bungalow 8
Tuesday I'm in spa drunk doin the shake
And for the rest of the week we just follow the freaks
You can spot us out of town by the way that we walk
The way that we talk, cocky the state of New York
Hot now top down at the Rucker game
New coup no roof playa what's my name?
Now Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, Staten
Uptown what now?! let's make it happen

[P. Diddy Talkin]
New York,if you can make it here, you can make it anywhere
We still here!!! And we buildin four more new towers!!!!

[Murphy Lee]
Who say St. Louis ain't hip hop? Dirty we hop to what's hip
I'm a lunatic with too much grip to let a slip
I'm so St. Louis, ask my tatooist
I was like the waterboy now they sayin you can do it
I'm Baby Houie one of the best in the Louie
Sip Louie smoke louie, dressed in Louie
Home of back porches, chucks, and air forces
Old school cars be trailblazin like Portland
The girls are the best like Travis with fat asses
I call 'em gimme girls they always tell me I can have it
All got habits Marijuana exstatic
By two cats and coats with automatics
St. Louis, the truth like Sojourner
Don't need a burna we learn from Ike Turner
I tried to told ya don't cross that bridge
Without permission from those St. Lunatics

[Jermaine Dupri Talking]
Yo-yo-yo-yo
Ladies and gentlemen, we got the big Snoop Dogg in the house tonight
He just came from off tour
And he wanna tell y'all little bit where he come from

[Snoop Dogg]
Palm trees bad bitches and wanna bees
O.G.'s like me eatin on polyseeds
Now laters, jellybeans, and wallabees
Real niggas from the set I'm hardly ever seened
Mostly heard us sell a bird off the cizzurb
They movin yep, we hop and then we swizzurve
Alot of homies like to wear there pizzerm
Hair longer than hers short with the fizzurbs
Doggy dizzog you know I like 'em dizzog
Like Kobe to Shaq now take that
(Jermaine Dupri: Take that take that)
Long Beach is on the mother fuckin map
And sittin by the sea, R.I.P
JD, you know about the L.B.C
Blood and stellas, cold hearted killas
Real cop pillas, real shot fillas
Ain't no squeelas, alot of dopes dealers
Bang diggy dang dang dogg pound gangsta crip gang
Yeah we do the damn thang
Home of coroners, scoop, buck, cocaine
Head to the church house to get a little workout
Smoked out drink up, now put ya bank up
It's all on me I got a scenery too stank up
Crank up the beat, raise up the heat
I'm thrownin a block party on two one streets, fo' sho

[Jermaine Dupri & Ludacris x 4]
Welcome to Atlanta remix HEY!!!
And we ride on dem thangs like ev-ery day
Big beats, hit streets, see gangsters roamin
And parties dont stop 'til eight in the mo'nin[Verse 1: Murphy Lee]
Now what goes up must come down
But we ain't coming down, it be them same old clowns
Aiming your pound pretending they proud
But when you leave town they go around
They running they mouth (maaann)
They something like a hater man
Talking bad about a playa as if
I'm not gonna see ya later man
You constantly fronting until you confronted on
If you don't like whats going on
Go on to another song
Cause I keep a hater guilty
My cars and my money all alike man
Both them filthy (get it?)
From skimpy and empty to fuel on full
See I be high when my Cago Bulls
Obey no rules to school you fools
Schoolboy's err'y where, we're Young Dude news
St. Louis like Louis D. Miles and Larry Hughes
And the Young Dude done paid young dudes' dues dude

[Hook (with Jermaine Dupri)]
[JD:] But yo, what the hook gonna be?
[ML:] See I don't need no fucking hook on this beat!
All I need is the track in the background
My headphones loud
Keep the blunt going 'round and I'mma rip

[Verse 2: Murphy Lee]
"The sun'll come out tomorrow
And I will never have to borrow!"
Got my first car when I turned 16
Only drove at home, outta town limousines
Plus we was broke with a deal but nobody could tell
So we did what we had to do for "Country Grammar" to sell
I stay on my own melodies
Plus I like my Booties and my Boobs like a capital letter 'B'
That's how it is, how it better be
I preferably rather have 2 or 3 girls in the bed with me
Close your ears, ma, you ain't heard nothing!
I always pay ma, let a brother hold something
I'm basically coming from nothing to something
When I say nothing meaning pocket full of lint and buttons
(We all we got!) Used to be creative on Halloween (how you gon?)
Stop a hotter team? Went from nada to a lot of things

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Murphy Lee]
People always saying man it must be nice
No hi no nothing not a simple how's life
Understand the money's good, but I'm still from the hood
So don't be asking for no inch and be expecting a foot
Unless you want a foot!
I know a few crooks that can place you where you need to be put
And it might not cost me, playa
Got a Benz pepper interior, paint salty playa
And we all push it, but me I push it real good
Brains blown out, chromed-out, wheel real wood
Catch me on your local durrty
Or in the studio doing vocals durrty
I'm the same dude that came through with my crew
Let the girls do me while you do you
And um, all I need is JD beat to be banging
And I'll come up wit these verses that I'm usually slanging
I be ripping man[Chorus: Nelly]
Oh, baby girl like to shake a lot, wiggle wiggle
Do your thug thizzle we'll make it
Oh, baby girl like to shake a lot, wiggle wiggle
Do your thug thizzle we'll make it
Oh, baby girl like to shake a lot, wiggle wiggle
Do your thug thizzle we'll make it
Oh, baby girl like to shake a lot, wiggle wiggle
Do your thug thizzle we'll make it

[Verse 1: Kyjuan]
I really hate to see her leave but I love to see her walk off
Imagine what her *oooo* looks like with her clothes off
I'm rolling with the top off, see tops come off
When the streetlights go off I heard shots go off
I'm a humble show-off I'll be beating when I roll off
Pumping Jill Scott number seven in front of the seven-eleven
Grab some magnum protection gonna be some sexin'
Wrap some hemp and L's its gonna be a session
She stressing the fact that we gotta stay at the best western
I ain't cheap and that's on everything
Put her pants to her knees don't take off everything
I pay for her chains staying near her cain's
Sipping on her cane I'm forgetting everything
My name Kyjuan, yeah Kyjuan left none
Boy she wouldn't have been with me if you wouldn't have left her
I left her sexed her stressed her and left her

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Murphy Lee]
My sex steno cus I'm taxing it I smack it a little
Stir it up like mother fuckin coffee then back to the middle
Lift over some pounds some way my hitters nod away
You damn near caught a Charlie-horse to make your dick stay in the hole
Oh we fuckin now pumping like all my pow
Ass up face down I'm going to town
Round and round here I go pumping for nothing
Cus she wiggle and wiggle and wiggle just know when I'm coming
I'm like *Ohhhh* I can't take it no more
Move it one more time and watch my knees buckle
She tip drip type quit to get her dirty, hype, and aroused
Always see her nipples through her blouse *Owwww*
Watch it wiggle just like the Harlem dance
Look at all that ass in those *itty-bitty* pants
Damn, hey Ms. Parker I make that ass come on down like Bob Barker

[Verse 3: Nelly]
Baby girl shake it like a paraplegic please believe it (Wooo)
Knees bent, and back arched just how I need it
Call her "Billie Jean," I like the "Thriller" before I "Beat It"
Conceded when she shake it but I like it like that
Throw it at me even harder just to see me react
See if it's wack, in fact see what Nelly about
I thought that ass was a fluke until I went to her house
You see mama got ass too, her sister Keesha and Sue
Her cousins, aunts and nieces start walking in by two
Like who's trying to keep they composure now
I'm feeling it can't nobody hold me down
Nobody told me how crazy groupies and coochies can get
In the back side under the stage trying to hit
And I'm like "Baby girl I ain't that kind of guy"
Let me at least let me go get a condom I ain't trying to die
I might be high but I'm not that damn high!

[Chorus]

[Verse 4: Ali]
Oh lord my dick hard call the nurse (why?)
It's getting worse fat asses I gotta flirt
It was me Mo and Murph, Kyjuan was with his earth
Playing pussy it hurt, smoking, passing the smirks
Popping bottle after bottle I'm like "Here we go again"
Posting it up in the club thinking "Is he got a win"
My chrome shoes went from Barry to Larry Hughes
Emmitt's 22's now its Jordan's I cruise
But anyway Fo Sho I'm from the show me let me show you
To drunk and out of town trying to kiss you like I know you
In the middle of the dance floor caught the man's attention
Wiggle Wiggle do your thug's hydraulic suspension
Did I mention long Ohhh, "What the fuck is going on?"
Your body banging ma' I got to take you home
Cool lets break, to the house on the lake
Man this is great I'm dealing with high stakes

[Chorus] - repeat 2X[Little girl talking]
When I grow up I wanna be just like you!
[Ms. Toi]
No you don't believe me you don't

[Verse 1: Ms. Toi]
Yes a fly chick come in a whip let me see ya sit
Me and Nelly holdin it down bout to freak the shit
Hearin me spit so you can ask me who I sound like
But I don't care what you process-e you vocals is tight
Yeah it's me yeah Ms. T in the place to be
Hearin my name bang now you wanna connect with me
I don't wanna be like nobody but me life lady see
Can't nobody do it better than me
So if I look like sound like clown like
Lets cut to the chase do you see this serious look on my face
This music is a taste given you a little snip
Cause the whole wide world ain't heard shit
So let me be quick to sit you down in your place
And tell you right to your face
Sista, you ain't nothin but a faker, a playa hata
I'm Ms. Toi first native baby I'm a G and you will never fade-uh

[Chorus 1: Ms. Toi and Murphy Lee]
Go and tell that girl Ms. Toi what you wanna be
Go and this stylin chick who you wanna be
Go and tell ya royal hynis what you wanna be
I wanna be like me
Waita they get a load of me (Waita they get a load)
Waita they get a load of me (Waita they get a load)
Waita they get a load of me (Waita they get a load)
Waita they get a load of me (Waita they get a load)

[Verse 2: Nelly]
So you wanna be a Midwest Hippie off the banks of the Mississippi
Your chances winnin are iffy slim or pretty
Give ya *1* like *Penny* if you want it the hard way
Who that is dirty comin right down Broadway?
Herre the champagne, platnium and wood frames
Wood grain all up in the hummers and the mustangs
Code name Nelly got messages on the tele
By Lisa, Tomika, Angela, Rachel, and Sister Shelly
Oh really, you say some of these names might ring a belly
Ain't no tellin Cuda school eh! night schoolin Nelly
Come herre ho (Come herre ho)
Herre I go (Well herre I go)
Alcohol get you horny and freaky then drink some more
P.O. trippin bout a nigga takin drug inhancements
Askin me if I been smokin while my ? readin Branson
I say no sir not by far just in the car
Just caught a ride wit four niggas that I met at the bar
Now tell me

[Chorus 2: Ms. Toi and Murphy Lee]
Go and tell that girl Ms. Toi what you wanna be
Go and this stylin chick who you wanna be
Go and tell ya royal hynis what you wanna be
See baby girl I wanna be like me
I said you can tell Murphy Lee what you wanna be
Go on and tell a Lunatic who you wanna be
Nelly Nel Ms. Toi Murphy Lee what you wanna be
I wanna be like me

[Verse 3: Ms. Toi]
This a sick flick with another hit again
We usin our names while we rockin this thang mayne
So if you came in wit which would never happen
You respectin my game I'm doin this shit rapid
Now we handclappin stackin papers for Ali
Just cuz I'm doin it right you wanna be like me?
Just take a bag of doin thangs and grab a hustler and put yo name on it
And maybe you'll respect yourself in the mornin young pimpin

[Verse 3: Ali]
(I wanna be just like you big dog)
No you don't (Why not?)
Let me tell ya (Tell me then, tell me then, tell me then)
What the fuck you don't wanna be is like that nigga Ali
Strugglin, strapped quick to put your brain on your lap
Now think about that how I come through bump you
Skull cap I'll fuck you laugh at you find a place that I can dump you
Hump hump you, underground won't even confront you
Just slump you laugh body bag now I gotta trunk you yeah

[Chorus 2 2x w/ adlibs]

Go and tell that girl Ms. Toi what you wanna be
Go and this stylin chick who you wanna be
Go and tell ya royal hynis what you wanna be

Check check You don't wanna be like Nelly Nel (what you wanna be)
You don't wanna be like Ms. Toi
You don't wanna be like Murphy Lee (who you wanna be
You don't wanna be like Ali (what you wanna be)
You wanna you wanna (I wanna be like me)

[Chorus 1]