[Produced by Dirty Swift]

[Intro: 50 Cent]
I just want to chill and twist the lye
Catch stunts in my 745
You drive me crazy, shorty
I need to see you and feel you next to me
I provide everything you need and I
Like your smile, I don't want to see you cry
Got some questions that I got to ask and I
Hope you can come up with the answers, babe

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
Girl, it's easy to love me now
Would you love me if I was down and out?
Would you still have love for me?

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
If I fell off tomorrow would you still love me?
If I didn't smell so good would you still hug me?
If I got locked up and sentenced to a quarter century
Could I count on you to be there to support me mentally?
If I went back to a hoopty from a Benz
Would you poof and disappear like some of my friends?
If I was hit and I was hurt would you be by my side?
If it was time to put in work would you be down to ride?
I get out and peel a nigga cap, chill and drive
I'm asking questions to find out how you feel inside
If I ain't rap cause I flip burgers at Burger King
Would you be ashamed to tell your friends you're feeling me?
In the bed if I used my tongue would you like that?
If I wrote you a love letter would you write back?
Now we can have a little drink, you know, a nightcap
And we could go do what you like, I know you like that

[Hook]

[Verse 2: 50 Cent]
Now would you leave me if your father found out I was thugging?
Do you believe me when I tell you you the one I'm loving?
Are you mad cause I'm asking you 21 questions?
Are you my soulmate? Cause if so girl you a blessing
Do you trust me enough to tell me your dreams?
I'm staring at ya trying to figure how you got in them jeans
If I was down would you say things to make me smile?
I treat you how you want to be treated, just teach me how
If I was with some other chick and someone happened to see
And when you asked me about it I said it wasn't me
Would you believe me or up and leave me?
How deep is our bond if that's all it takes for you to be gone?
We only humans, girl, we make mistakes
To make it up, I'll do whatever it takes
I love you like a fat kid love cake
You know my style, I say anything to make you smile

[Hook]

[Outro: Nate Dogg]
Could you love me in a Bentley?
Could you love me on a bus?
I'll ask 21 questions and they all about us[Intro]
Cause sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak
And when you feel weak, you feel like you wanna just give up
But you gotta search within you, and gotta find that inner strength
And just pull that shit out of you
And get that motivation to not give up, and not be a quitter
No matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face, and collapse

[Verse 1]
Till I collapse I'm spilling these raps long as you feel 'em
Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killing 'em
Cause when I am not, then I'mma stop penning 'em
And I am not hip hop and I'm just not Eminem
Subliminal thoughts, when I'mma stop sending 'em?
Women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom
Adrenalin shots, the penicillin could not get the illing to stop
Amoxicillin's just not real enough
The criminal cop killin', hip-hop villain
A minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners
You're coming with me, feel it or not you're gonna fear it
Like I showed you the spirit of God lives in us
You hear it a lot, lyrics to shock
Is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin' up?
Fa shizzel my wizzel, this is the plot listen up
You bizzels forgot, Slizzel does not give a fuck

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit, till my bone collapse

[Verse 2]
Music is like magic, there's a certain feeling you get
When you real and you spit and people are feeling your shit
This is your moment, and every single minute you spend
Tryna hold on to it because you may never get it again
So while you're in it, try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over just admit when it's at its end
Because I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit that gets in
I got a list, here's the order of my list that it's in
It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, 2Pac and Biggie
Andre from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas and then me
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy
So when I'm not put on this list, the shit does not offend me
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's bothering me
Even though half you people got a fuckin' problem with me
You hate it but you know respect you got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney, Nate, hit me

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Soon as a verse starts, I eat at an MC's heart
What is he thinking, how not to go against me, smart
And it's absurd, how people hang on every word
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I'll never be served, my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave Earth, that would be the death of me first
Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers
But I don't want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers
So this is like a full blown attack I'm launching at 'em
The track is on some battling raps, who want some static?
Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters
A plaque and platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest, so

[Hook]

[Outro]
Until the roof (until the roof)
The roof comes off (the roof comes off)
Until my legs (until my legs)
Give out from (underneath me)
I will not fall, I will stand tall
Feels like no one can beat me[Intro: Snoop Dogg and Kurupt]
La-da-da-da-dahh
It's the motherfucking D-O-double-G
La-da-da-da-dahh
You know I'm mobbing with the D-R-E
You know who's back up in this motherfucker
What what what what
So blaze the weed up then
Blaze it up, blaze it up
Just blaze that shit up nigga
Yeah sup Snoop

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Top Dogg, bite em all
Nigga burn the shit up
D-P-G-C my nigga turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C
Yeah we hooking back up
And when they bang this in the club baby you got to get up
Thug niggas drug dealers yeah they giving it up
Lowlife, yo life
Boy we living it up
Taking chances while we dancing in the party for sure
Slip my ho a forty-fo' and she got in the back do'
Bitches looking at me strange but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swanging my hair
Bitch quit talking, Crip walk, stay down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope from this jet
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the S you'll be relieving your stress

[Interlude: Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre]
La-da-da-da-dahhh
It's the motherfucking D.R.E (Dr. Dre motherfucker)
La-da-da-da-dahhh
You know I'm mobbing with the D-O-double-G

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Straight off the fucking streets of C-P-T
King of the beats you ride to em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
Or Coupe DeVille rolling on dubs
How you feeling whoopty whoop nigga what
Dre and Snoop chronic-ed out in the 'llac
With Doc in the back, sipping on 'gnac (yeah)
Clip in the strap, dipping through hoods (what hoods)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood
South Central out to the west side
It's California Love, this California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on, and my smoke on
Then go home with, something to poke on
Loc it's on for the two-triple-oh
Coming real, it's the next episode

[Outro: Nate Dogg]
Hold up hey
For my niggas who be thinking we soft
We don't play
We gonna rock it til the wheels fall off
Hold up hey
For my niggas who be acting too bold
Take a seat
Hope you ready for the next episode
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Smoke weed every day[Intro: Eminem & Nate Dogg]
Shady, Aftermath (Look at that bitch, shit - hey!)
There she go, shaking that ass on the floor
Bumping and grinding that pole
The way she's grinding that pole
I think I'm losing control

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunk, get fucked up
Hit the strip club don't forget ones get your dick rubbed
Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted
Pasted, plastered, puke drink throw up, get a new drink
Hit the bathroom sink, throw up
Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine goin'
Still got a few chunks on them shoestrings showin'
I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated
I was revived as soon as this Biyitch gyrated
Them hips and licked them lips and that was it
I had to get Nate Dogg in to sing some shit

[Verse 2: Nate Dogg]
Two to the one from the one to the three
I like good pussy and I like good tree
Smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe
And I get more ass than a toilet seat
Three to the one from the one to the three
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me
Conversation and Hennessy
I've been to the motherfuckin' mountain top
Heard motherfuckers talk, seen em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'mma pick up a rock
And when I bust yo ass I'm gon' continue to rock
Getcha ass of the wall with your two left feet
It's real easy just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you bye
Look real close cause strobe lights lie

[Verse 3: Nate Dogg]
We about to have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (Go 'head shake your butt)
I'm lookin for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin baby step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are bout it bout it
I'm lookin' for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say, every day she be givin it up

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Ohh girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me

[Verse 4: Eminem]
I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist
Open your mouth for about four or five minutes
Take a little bit of this fluoride rin-inse
Swish but don't spit it, swallow it now finish
Yeah; me and Nate D-O Double-G
Looking for a couple bitches with some double D's
Pop a little champagne and a couple E's
Slip it in her bubbly, we finna finna have a party

[Verse 5: Nate Dogg]
We about have a party (turn the music up)
Let's get it started (Go head shake your butt)
I'm lookin for a girl I can fuck in my Hummer truck
Apple Bottom jeans and a big ol' butt
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are bout it bout it
I want a bitch to sit at the crib with no panties on
Knows that she can but she won't say no

[Bridge: Nate Dogg]
Now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be
Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine?
Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine

[Eminem]
Now I hope you don't get mad at me
But I told Nate you was a freak
He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind
I told him how you like it from behind

[Hook]
[Repeat Verse 3]
[Repeat Intro]

[Outro: Eminem]
God! I ain’t leaving without you, bitch
You're coming home with me
And my boy, and his boy - and his boy, and his girl
Haha, Nate Dogg![Produced by Warren G]

[Intro]
Regulators. We regulate any stealin' of his property. We’re damn good too. But you can’t be any geek off the street. You gotta be handy with the steel, if you know what I mean — earn your keep. Regulators, mount up!

[Verse 1: Warren G and Nate Dogg]
It was a clear black night, a clear white moon
Warren G was on the streets, tryin' to consume
Some skirts for the eve, so I can get some phones
Rollin' in my ride, chillin' all alone
Just hit the eastside of the LBC
On a mission tryna find Mr. Warren G
Seen a car full of girls, ain't no need to tweak
All you skirts know what's up with 213

[Verse 2: Warren G and Nate Dogg]
So I hooks a left on 21 and Lewis
Some brothers shootin' dice, so I said, "Let's do this"
I jumped out the ride and said, "What's up?"
Some brothers pulled some gats, so I said, "I'm stuck"
Since these girls peepin' me, I'm a glide and swerve
These hookers lookin' so hard they straight hit the curb
Onto bigger, better things than some horny tricks
I see my homies and some suckers all in his mix

[Verse 3: Warren G and Nate Dogg]
I'm gettin' jacked, I'm breakin' myself
I can't believe they takin' Warren's wealth
They took my rings, they took my Rolex
I looked at the brother, said, "Damn, what's next?"
They got my homie hemmed up and they all around
Can't none of them see him if they goin' straight pound-for-pound
They wanna come up real quick before they start to clown
I best pull out my strap and lay them busters down

[Verse 4: Warren G and Nate Dogg]
They got guns to my head, I think I'm goin' down
I can't believe it's happenin' in my own town
If I had wings, I would fly, let me contemplate
I glanced in the cut and I see my homie, Nate
Sixteen in the clip and one in the hole
Nate Dogg is about to make some bodies turn cold
Now they droppin' and yellin', it's a tad bit late
Nate Dogg and Warren G had to regulate

[Bridge 1: Nate Dogg]
I laid all them busters down, I let my gat explode
Now I'm switchin' my mind back into freak mode
If you want skirts, sit back and observe
I just left a gang of hoes over there on the curb

[Verse 5: Warren G and Nate Dogg]
Now, Nate got the freaks and that's a known fact
Before I got jacked I was on the same track
Back up, back up cause it's on
N-A-T-E and me, the Warren to the G
Just like I thought, they were in the same spot
In need of some desperate help
But Nate Dogg and the G child were in need of somethin' else
One of them dames was sexy as hell, I said, "Ooh, I like your size"
She said, "My car's broke down and you seem real nice
Would you let me ride?"

[Bridge 2: Nate Dogg and Warren G]
I got a car full of girls and it's goin' real swell
The next stop is the Eastside Motel
I'm tweakin' into a whole new era
G-funk, step to this, I dare ya
Funk on a whole new level
The rhythm is the bass and the bass is the treble
Chords, strings, we brings melody
G-funk, where rhythm is life and life is rhythm

[Outro: Nate Dogg]
If you know like I know, you don't wanna step to this
It's the G-funk era, funked out with a gangsta twist
If you smoke like I smoke, then you're high, like, everyday
And if your ass is a buster, 213 will regulate[Intro Snoop Dogg & (Dr. Dre)]
(Yeah what up Detroit)
Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh no he didn't
They didn't do it again, you shitted on these niggas two times, Dr. Dre?
(Oh fo' sho')
Uh-uh, naw ya smell that, this is special right here
Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby, to the boogie-oogie-oogie
Yeah, y'know, what's crackin' Dre

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Just let me lay back and kick some ol' simplistic pimp shit
On Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit
Throw on Guilty Conscience at concerts
And watch mosh pits til motherfuckers knock each other unconscious (Watch out nigga!)
Some of these crowds that Slim draws is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard
When it's packed and fulla cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw is niggas from Crenshaw
From Long Beach to South Central
Whoa, not these niggas again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again
You and what army could harm me
D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach?
Came a long way, to making these songs play
It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long uz' and I carry it all day
Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just being Andre but I

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Somehow, some way
Holla nigga, you know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg)
Now let me cut these niggas up and show em where the fuck I'm coming from
I get the party cracking from the shit that I be spitting, son
Hit-and-run, get it done; get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns and I love all of 'em the same, bang bang
Damn baby girl what's your name
I forgot, what'd you say it was, damn a nigga buzzed
Hanging in the club with my nephew Eminem
What up cuz
The Great White American Hope
Done hooked up with the King of the motherfucking West Coast, baby

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
And you don't really wanna fuck, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
Fuck around and make me bust, this heat
(That's the devil, they always wanna dance)

[Verse 3: Xzibit]
I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watching you move
You're found dead in your garage with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with Gods
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standing over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust, they just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shooting with Puff
Bitch please, you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees, come on

[Hook x2]

[Verse 4: Eminem]
Aww naww, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up in the heezy, baby
He's Shady (he's so crazy)
Gimme the mic, let me recite til Timothy White
Pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right
I'm just a criminal making a living off of the world's misery
What in the world gives me the right
To say what I like, and walk around flipping the bird
Livin' the urban life, like a White kid from the burbs
Dreaming at night of screaming at mom, scheming to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
That somewhere deep down there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
Is cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me, dressin' up like a nerd on TV
Or heard the CD using the fag word so freely
It's just me being me, here want me to tone it down
Suck my fucking dick, you faggot, you happy now?
Look here, I start some trouble everywhere that I go
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know
I start some shit they throw me out the back door
Come back and shoot the club up with a 44

[Hook]

[Outro: Xzibit]
2001 and forever
Slim Shady
Dr. Dre
Snoop Dogg
X to the Z
Nate Dogg
Come on, yeah[Intro]
You're back now at the jack-off hour
This is DJ Eaazy Dick
On W-Balls
Right now something new by Snoop Doggy Dogg
And this one goes out to the ladies from all the guys
A big bow wow wow
Cause we gonna make it a little misty here tonight
This is DJ Eazy Dick
On the station that slaps you across your fat ass
With a fat dick

[Verse 1: Nate Dogg]
When I met you last night, baby
Before you opened up your gap
I had respect for you lady
But now I take it all back
Cause you gave me all your pussy
And you even licked my balls
Leave your number on the cabinet
And I promise baby, I'll give you a call
Next time I'm feeling kinda horny
You can come on over
And I'll break you off
And if you can't fuck that day baby
Just lay back and open your mouth
Cause I have never met a girl
That I love in the whole wide world

[Verse 2: Kurupt]
Well if Kurupt gave a fuck about a bitch I'd always be broke
I'd never have no motherfucking endo to smoke
I gets loc'ed and loony
Bitch you can't do me
Do we look like BBD, you hoochie groupie
I have no love for hoes
That's something that I learned in tha Pound
So how the fuck am I supposed
To pay this ho just to lay this ho
I know the pussy's mine
I'mma fuck a couple more times
And then I'm through with it
There's nothing else to do with it
Pass it to the homie, now you hit it
Cause she ain't nothing but a bitch to me
And y'all know that bitches ain't shit to me
I gives a fuck
Why don't y'all pay attention
Approach her with a different proposition
I'm Kurupt ho
You'll never be my only one, trick ass bitch

[Hook]
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Guess who back in the motherfucking house
With a fat dick for your motherfucking mouth
Hoes recognize, niggas do too
Cause when bitches get scandalous and pull a voodoo
What you gon do
You really don't know
So I'd advise you not to trust that ho
Silly of me to fall in love with a bitch
Knowing damn well I'm too caught up with my grip
Now as the sun rotates and my game grows bigger
How many bitches wanna fuck this nigga named Snoop
Doggy, I'm all the above
I'm too swift on my toes to get caught up with you hoes
But see it ain't no fun
If my homies can't get a taste of it
Cause you know I don't love em

[Verse 4: Warren G]
Hey now you know
Inhale, exhale with my flow
One for the money, two for the bitches
Three to get ready and four to hit the switches
In my Chevy, '64 -- red to be exact
With bitches on my side and bitches on my back
So back up, bitch, because I'm struggling
So get on your knees and then start juggling
These motherfucking nuts in your mouth
It's me, Warren G the nigga with the clout[Intro: 50 Cent & pimp knuckles]
[jesper] yeay]
[50 cent] new york city your are now rapping
With 50 cent and You gotta love it
[Jesper] cause who is back
You know what i mean it,s is war meets love
But we are back im back you not from vacation

[Hook: Nate Dogg & pimp knuckles]
Girl, it's easy to love me now
Would you love me if I was down and out?
Would you still have love for me?

[verse 1: pimp knuckles]
Im back so dont fuck with me
Omg where is my key
I saw somebody steal he
Thinks that i see
He,s fast he,s blind
And i come from behind
Shit he turn the lights off
From his car to his house
He say,s somebody is in this town
And out the prison of ghost
And i think he lost me
Shit it almost here
Anywhere
And he thinks still have hate on me
Shit the clock is on three
That his first signal for revenge
So why it taking so long to find me
He is shit
Aaa your turn kid
Shit he,s here with a
Girl it,s dangerous kid yeay

[Hook: Nate Dogg & pimp knuckles]

[verse 2: pimp knuckles]
Oh it was just a dream
I think somebody see me
He do he,s hyperbeam
I like that the party is over i see
Now clothes on go out your room
Your lazy and crazy
But maybe he can save me
Wait where am i
Shit i think i gonna die
Haha im back kid
So i do my shit
So what you do it,s like what i did
Somebody gonna kill me im lost
And he said haha you lost
Know it,s time for my revenge
Eat this appel it,s good
Wtf is your hood name
A game a fight
Or run for your life
And a good place to find for hide yeay

[Hook: Nate Dogg & pimp knuckles]

[Outro: Nate Dogg & pimp knuckles]
Could you love me in a Bentley? (where am i)
Could you love me on a bus?
I'll ask 21 questions and they all about us[Produced by Dirty Swift]

[Intro: 50 Cent]
I just want to chill and twist the lye
Catch stunts in my 745
You drive me crazy, shorty
I need to see you and feel you next to me
I provide everything you need and I
Like your smile, I don't want to see you cry
Got some questions that I got to ask and I
Hope you can come up with the answers, babe

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
Girl, it's easy to love me now
Would you love me if I was down and out?
Would you still have love for me?

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
If I fell off tomorrow would you still love me?
If I didn't smell so good would you still hug me?
If I got locked up and sentenced to a quarter century
Could I count on you to be there to support me mentally?
If I went back to a hoopty from a Benz
Would you poof and disappear like some of my friends?
If I was hit and I was hurt would you be by my side?
If it was time to put in work would you be down to ride?
I get out and peel a nigga cap, chill and drive
I'm asking questions to find out how you feel inside
If I ain't rap cause I flip burgers at Burger King
Would you be ashamed to tell your friends you're feeling me?
In the bed if I used my tongue would you like that?
If I wrote you a love letter would you write back?
Now we can have a little drink, you know, a nightcap
And we could go do what you like, I know you like that

[Hook]

[Verse 2: 50 Cent]
Now would you leave me if your father found out I was thugging?
Do you believe me when I tell you you the one I'm loving?
Are you mad cause I'm asking you 21 questions?
Are you my soulmate? Cause if so girl you a blessing
Do you trust me enough to tell me your dreams?
I'm staring at ya trying to figure how you got in them jeans
If I was down would you say things to make me smile?
I treat you how you want to be treated, just teach me how
If I was with some other chick and someone happened to see
And when you asked me about it I said it wasn't me
Would you believe me or up and leave me?
How deep is our bond if that's all it takes for you to be gone?
We only humans, girl, we make mistakes
To make it up, I'll do whatever it takes
I love you like a fat kid love cake
You know my style, I say anything to make you smile

[Hook]

[Outro: Nate Dogg]
Could you love me in a Bentley?
Could you love me on a bus?
I'll ask 21 questions and they all about us[Intro- 50 Cent:]
New York City!
You are now ridin'
With 50 Cent!
You gotta love it!

[Verse 1- 50 Cent:]
I just wanna chill and twist the la
Catch stunts in my 745
You drive me crazy, shorty I
Need to see you and feel you next to me
I provide everything you need and I
Like your smile, I don't want to see you cry
Got some questions that I got to ask, and I
Hope you can come up with the answers, babe

[Verse 2- Lil' Mo:]
Cuz I just wanna chill and take a ride
Shotgun in your 7-45
Oh baby you know I got your back, and I need to feel you next to me
We got a baby and you know that I
Would have another, man I want your child
Sometimes I really wanna cry, cause the love is so good

[Hook 1- Nate Dogg:]
Girl, it's easy to love me now
Would you love me if I was down, and out?
Would you still have love for me?

[Hook 2- Lil' Mo:]
Boy, if you really love me now
Can we walk down the aisle?
Cause you know I'm gonna hold you down
Cause when you was down and out
I was still around
You gettin' money now, but I still got love for you

[Verse 3- 50 Cent:]
If I fell off tomorrow, would you still love me?
If I didn't smell so good, would you still hug me?
If I got locked up and sentenced to a quarter century
Could I count on you to be there and support me mentally?
If I went back to a hoopty from a Benz
Would you poof! and disappear like some of my friends?
If I was hit and I was hurt would you be by my side?
If it was time to put in work would you be down to ride?
I get out and peel a nigga cap, chill and drive
I'm askin' questions to find out how you feel inside
If I ain't rap cause I flipped burgers at Burger King
Would you be ashamed to tell your friends you're feelin' me?
In the bed if I used my tongue, would you like that?
If I wrote you a love letter, would you write back?
Now we can have a lil' drink, you know, a nightcap
And we could do what you like, I know you like that

[Verse 4- Lil' Mo:]
If you fell off tomorrow, you could stay at my crib
If you didn't smell so good, I would still have your kid
If you got locked up, I'd put money on your books
I'd marry you through congical visits, and it'd be off the hook
You could still keep the hoopty, if you couldn't cop a Benz
Boy I'd never dip out, like some of your friends
If the boys try to get you, I'd be by your side
Like Cleo from Set it Off, and you know I'll ride
If you gotta peel a cap baby, do it papi
And if a chick wanna a piece of me, I know you got me
You have to work at Mickey D's or Burger King, I'd be there for you cause I kknow we gotta eat
I ain't got too many friends, you know that babe
If you use your tongue, baby I'll behave
You know I don't drink, cause I wanna have ur baby
Cause I'm your girl, and them other chicks is maybe

[Hook 1]

[Verse 5- 50 Cent:]
Now would you leave me if your father, found out I was thuggin'?
Do you believe me when I tell you, you the one I'm lovin'?
Are you mad cause I'm askin' you 21 questions?
Are you my soulmate, are you the one for me? Cause if so girl you a blessing
Do you trust me enough to tell me your dreams?
I'm starin' at ya trying to figure how you got in them jeans
If I was down would you say things to make me smile?
I treat you how you want to be treated, just teach me how
If I was with some other chick and someone happened to see
And when you asked me about it I said "it wasn't me"
Would you believe me or up and leave me?
How deep is our bond if that's all it takes for you to be gone?
We only humans, girl, we make mistakes
To make it up, I'll do whatever it takes
I love you like a fat kid love cake
You know my style I say anything to make you smile

[Hook 1]

[Hook 2]

[Bridge- Nate Dogg:]
Could you love me in a Bentley?
Could you love me on a bus?
I'll ask 21 questions, and they all about us

[Outro- Lil' Mo:]
If you only knew how I feel
Boy you would know that my love is for real
21 answers to the questions you got
I'll always love you if you got money or not[Intro: Dat Nigga Daz]
Yeah! Straight up 9-5!
Kurupt the motherfuckin Kingpin, Dat Nigga Daz
Creepin and crawlin through your hood, smokin, loccin
Provokin punk motherfuckers like this stuff
Wuz happenin?

[Verse One: Kurupt]
In the dead of winter is when I kick my coldest phrases
Mental as telepathy, lyrically it amazes
Construction of thoughts that's as lethal as turpentine
An expert when I flex rhymes feared like ex-cons
In my zone (zone) you can't even find like Atlantis
Stalk like a prayin mantis, leavin battered bodies on the canvas
The burial ground for clowns, open casket
Trackin niggas down like fuckin basset hounds
Tragic how the mic gets handled
Prodigious like a vandal on a midnight scandal
You scramble like Randall abusive when I recite on the stage
Double access with a brand new motherfuckin mic

[Daz]
Now can I grab the microphone and spit some shit that's known
To blow the mind of Michelangelo´s poems?
Clones get crushed like stones
I forbid, for rusty motherfuckers to be actin like they all in
With the clique got checks that shit
And once again it's on, and it's on with the gangsta shit
I create the beats that beats the fucks right outta ya speakers
Amps are blown, shown for me to grab the microphone alone
Like Jodeci, notice-see ya self needs help
The homie style got the strap on deck
Don't neglect the fact
I can make you or break you (Break you)
Awake you to a new plateau with mo' hoes
Now the paper is made, now don't think twice
Niggas is gettin pimped because their game ain't tight
Now well well (well), now welcome where the ballers dwell
Another day, another dollar, Blueberry to sell
I makes that fast cash, hmm Dat Nigga Daz
I'm quicker ta out slick ya, blast in half

[Kurupt]
DPG eliminates the whole area beyond the thought dismemberin
Motherfuck surrenderin
Who, what, when, let's tear shit the fuck up
The homies coolin while you an' ya chest get fuckin blew in
Provoke us, survey with the superior focus
I'm Dat Nigga like Daz, crooked as scoliosis
S'impossible to survive on my arrival when I arrive
It's left to ya instict of survival
Mashin, cash in ya chips I gotta lil' sadistic sick mind
I find it, I´m mentally sick
And batter
It doesn't matter when ya into it
Ya just entered in a war-zone all alone with ya microphone unguarded
I just started poetical poltergeist precise and cold-hearted
Empty, tempt me, simply ya get shot
Ya forgot I'm down to empty out my clip on ya block
Stop
Let the whole place evacuate
Wait until we're face-to-face then it escalates
Duck-down, Kurupt clowns niggas daily, hoes can't play me
Observe I serve those that betray me

[Nate Dogg]
I ain't never seen a joint that I couldn't light
And I ain't never seen a buster that didn't bite
I ain't never seen a G that would go for that
Especially when he knows Tha Dogg Pound got his back
I ain't never seen a game that didn't multiply
We getting kinda deep, yeah the crew and I

[Kurupt] And who am I?
[Snoop] And who am I?
That crazy motherfucker from the DPG, do or die![Intro]
You're back now at the jack-off hour
This is DJ Eaazy Dick
On W-Balls
Right now something new by Snoop Doggy Dogg
And this one goes out to the ladies from all the guys
A big bow wow wow
Cause we gonna make it a little misty here tonight
This is DJ Eazy Dick
On the station that slaps you across your fat ass
With a fat dick

[Verse 1: Nate Dogg]
When I met you last night, baby
Before you opened up your gap
I had respect for you lady
But now I take it all back
Cause you gave me all your pussy
And you even licked my balls
Leave your number on the cabinet
And I promise baby, I'll give you a call
Next time I'm feeling kinda horny
You can come on over
And I'll break you off
And if you can't fuck that day baby
Just lay back and open your mouth
Cause I have never met a girl
That I love in the whole wide world

[Verse 2: Kurupt]
Well if Kurupt gave a fuck about a bitch I'd always be broke
I'd never have no motherfucking endo to smoke
I gets loc'ed and loony
Bitch you can't do me
Do we look like BBD, you hoochie groupie
I have no love for hoes
That's something that I learned in tha Pound
So how the fuck am I supposed
To pay this ho just to lay this ho
I know the pussy's mine
I'mma fuck a couple more times
And then I'm through with it
There's nothing else to do with it
Pass it to the homie, now you hit it
Cause she ain't nothing but a bitch to me
And y'all know that bitches ain't shit to me
I gives a fuck
Why don't y'all pay attention
Approach her with a different proposition
I'm Kurupt ho
You'll never be my only one, trick ass bitch

[Hook]
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Guess who back in the motherfucking house
With a fat dick for your motherfucking mouth
Hoes recognize, niggas do too
Cause when bitches get scandalous and pull a voodoo
What you gon do
You really don't know
So I'd advise you not to trust that ho
Silly of me to fall in love with a bitch
Knowing damn well I'm too caught up with my grip
Now as the sun rotates and my game grows bigger
How many bitches wanna fuck this nigga named Snoop
Doggy, I'm all the above
I'm too swift on my toes to get caught up with you hoes
But see it ain't no fun
If my homies can't get a taste of it
Cause you know I don't love em

[Verse 4: Warren G]
Hey now you know
Inhale, exhale with my flow
One for the money, two for the bitches
Three to get ready and four to hit the switches
In my Chevy, '64 -- red to be exact
With bitches on my side and bitches on my back
So back up, bitch, because I'm struggling
So get on your knees and then start juggling
These motherfucking nuts in your mouth
It's me, Warren G the nigga with the clout[Refrain: Nate Dogg]
Back in the days, this shit worked quite right
It was the music that got me by, music touch my soul
Music from the ghetto
Ain't nobody tell me how to live my life
Turn up the beat and let me write my rhymes
Once again this song, an other track Rap song !
(Like back in the days !)

[Couplet 1: Alonzo]
Trop d'équipes, trop de tripes, trop de briques, trop d'homme forts !
Trop dans la masse pour être une star, rien a foutre j'sors
Chaque été les Sebago sont dans la merde
Au quartier en chantier on aime plus trop la mer
Tous les 5, la bringue, les fringues, RMI ou Keno
En 125 on feinte comme des dingues les flico facho
À l'ancienne mec à l'ancienne
J'suis au comptoir c'est à qui d'remettre la sienne ? (Amigo...)

[Couplet 2: Soprano]
À moi, à moi de prendre le mic et de faire un freestyle
Ça rap avec l'haleine du ramadan tellement y'a la dalle
À l'ancienne man, comme Time Bomb ou la Cliqua
C'est l'époque d'Mobb Deep, d'Capone-N-Noreaga
Délicat, comme choisir entre 2Pac et Biggie
J'avais la coupe de Methode Man dans le clip avec Mary J
On emballait les bouches sur du R.Kelly
Et on se prenait pour des thugz en criant "All Eyez On Me" !

[Couplet 3: Vincenzo]
A l'ancienne c'était légendaire comme 2Pac
On aimait déconner faire des plans au terrain vague
On était des chiens de la casse, toujours premier de la classe
Oui, pour tailler les cours et pour finir souvent a la plage ! (C'est ça !)
Trop de bons moments que je remémore, chez les Kentoui
Trop de bons moments passés dur au Chioni !
(Aujourd'hui !) On décompresse souvent a l'actuel
Donc smoke, smoke smoke Chicha everyday !

[Refrain: Nate Dogg]

[Couplet 4: Vincenzo]
Ce morceau c'est pour mes potes, pour ceux qui ont ou pas la côte
Ceux qui bouncent, et s'font pointer souvent devant la porte
Ceux qui se donnent a fond, et ceux qui sur la piste crient "Oh Yeah!"
Qui ont le poste a fond, et dans la caisse c'est "Oh Yeah!"
A l'ancienne, j'viens raviver les souvenirs
De Warren G à Ice Cube et Snoop D.O. double G
Le temps de Miloude, Mej et Alexis au 116 c'était "Sex money money money !"

[Couplet 5: Alonzo]
"Bla bla bla", c'est c'qui ont la bouche ces kahba
Trop de sang dans leurs bouches pour abattre A.L.O.N
Le saut de l'ange sans faire d'plat, ils me connaissent pas
Comoria, faut dire "Masha'Allah"
Trop fou s'en doute en tout cas, c'est moi qui reçois les pierres ou les roses pour mes choix
Dédié aux morts à leurs mémoires
Le Plan d'Aou c'est plus qu'une histoire

[Couplet 6: Soprano]
M'en bas les couilles, m'en bas les couilles
Passe moi le mic' que je tire à ta place si ta la trouille
Voici le grand retour, des petits du Plan d'Aou
Flow à l'ancienne pour ma hood, flow à la "Boyz N Da Hood"
À la cool, comme à l'époque de "Sticky icky icky"
Où l'seul bling-bling était nos gros bijoux de famille
Je te ramène a l'époque où on vivait le hip-hop
Chez Sya Styles, die, on criait chante Nate Dogg !

[Pont: Nate Dogg] (x2)
I got the mic, and I think I'm gonna run with it !
It ain't no fun, when the rabbit got the gun is it ?
Down's the cash, but you made a couple problems with it !
It feels good when you look in what they done with it !
Back in the days !

[Refrain: Nate Dogg]

[Outro: Nate Dogg (& Psy 4 de la Rime)]
(A l'ancienne mec, à l'ancienne, oh !)
Yo yo yo !
(A l'ancienne mec, à l'ancienne)
The boy Nate D.O. double Gizzle !
(A l'ancienne mec, à l'ancienne)
Plan d'Aou stand up
(A l'ancienne mec, à l'ancienne)
Psy 4 in tha house !
(A l'ancienne mec, à l'ancienne)
Marseille where you at?
(A l'ancienne mec, à l'ancienne)
I said "Marseille where you at?!"
(Ouh ! Oh putain !)
The boy Nate Dogg from Long Beach, West Side !
(Marseille !)
Psy 4, this song is off the hook !
(Eh à l'ancienne mec !)
Yezzir !
Plan d'aou get up and put your motherfucking hands in the air !
(Écoute, écoute, écoute, écoute, écoute !)
Smoke Chicha Everyday ![Intro]
[2Pac] Ahh yeah!
[Down] Yeauhh!
[2Pac] It's all about you, one time!
[Down] I'mma say it's all about you baby, yeah!
[2Pac] Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you - it's all about you!
[Down] This Dru Down in the house, with my boy 'Pizznac, youknowhatimsayin'?
[2Pac] It's all about you
[Down] Yeah I'm gon' say it's all about you, but you know I'm lyin' though, hah! Yeauhh

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
You probably crooked as the last trick
Want to laugh about how I got my ass caught up with this bad bitch
Thinkin' I had her but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin'
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin' for some love
In every club
I see you starin' like you want it
Well baby, if you got it better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin' these walls as I pause
Addicted to the fast life
I try to holla but you tell me you taken
Sayin' you ain't impressed, with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's hell for a black celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you with it
Fantasies of us sweatin', can I hit it?
Addicted to the things you do, but still true, what I'm sayin', boo
Is this is all about you

[Hook: Nate Dogg] (x2)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
No matter where I go, I see the same ho

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I make a promise if you go with me
Just let me know, I'll have you hollerin' my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me I'm a thug nigga
I only hung out with the criminals and drug dealers
I love niggas cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa and I don't even care
Creep low, weed smoke's in the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin' for niggas at the end of every show
I just seen you in my friend's video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you, yeah nigga

[Hook] (x2)

[Verse 3]

[Hussein Fatal]
Is you sick from the dick or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty ho
You think it's all about you? Well boo, I gets down like Dru
And my nasty new niggas, too

[Yaki Kadafi]
You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Gold digging, cold digging a gold Rolex

[Hussein Fatal]
I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cuts, I came to fuck, try skeezin' me
Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the west coast to West Virginia

[Hook] (x4)

[Outro: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
I'm tellin' ya, it's the same ol' shit
I mean ... god damn, youknowhatimsayin'?
I'm sittin' back, watchin' Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch, who was in my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel
I'm checkin' out my homeboy 2Pac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video, yaknahmsayin'?
And then, yaknahmsayin', what make that even mo' fucked up
I'm watchin' a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch, on the Million Man March
That was in the homeboy Warren G video
I mean - damn - everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same ho
Don't get mad, I'm only bein' real
YeahBOOK 1

AMBITIONZ AZ A RIDAH
ALL BOUT U
GOT MY MIND MADE UP
HOW DO U WANT IT
2 OF AMERIKAZ MOST WANTED
NO MORE PAIN
HEARTZ OF MEN
LIFE GOES ON
ONLY GOD CAN JUDGE ME
TRADIN WAR STORIES
CALIFORNIA LOVE (REMIX)
I AIN'T MAD AT CHA
WHATZ YA PHONE #

BOOK 2

CAN'T C ME
SHORTY WANNA BE A THUG
HOLLA AT ME
WONDA WHY THEY CALL U BITCH
WHEN WE RIDE
THUG PASSION
PICTURE ME ROLLIN'
CHECK OUT TIME
RATHA BE YA NIGGA
ALL EYEZ ON ME
RUN THA STREETZ
AIN'T HARD 2 FINE
HEAVEN AIN'T HARD 2 FIND

-

BOOK 1

1. AMBITIONZ AZ RIDAH     4:39
(Written by: T. Shakur, D. Arnaud)
Published by Songs of Universal/Joshua's Dream (BMI)/D. Dillinger Music/Big Simon Says Publishing/WB Music Corp. (ASCAP)
Produced by Dat Nigga Daz
Engineered by Dave Aron
Assistant Engineer: Alvin McGill
Mixed by David Blake & Carlos Warlick

2. ALL ABOUT U     4:37
Featuring Snoop Doggy Dogg, Nate Dogg, Fatal and Yaki Kadafi
(Written by: 2Pac Shakur, Calvin Broadus, Nathaniel Hale, Bruce Washington, Yafeu Fula, Johnny Jackson, L. Blackman, T. Jenkins)
Published by Songs of Universal[Intro - Freeway]
Jeah, uh
Real niggas stand up, uh
Whoo!
Jeah, uh, uh, yo

[Verse One - Freeway]
From Cali to Philly, Philly to Cali
I deliver the order, haulin' a milli
Y'all niggas silly, I really don't want no problems
It's North Philly hot, really hot
Duck cops, send shots at idiots, really I
Got the mack milli I wet your squadron up
Oh! He don't feel me y'all
Nate go get the gats, we shootin' up they videos
Really y'all, ain't makin' a dollar
When my shit drop, it's the Roc, holler
Shoot you from toe to collar, watch you holler, pop my collar
Holler! Bink controllin' the track
Free and Nate controllin' the flow, y'all cats need to fall back
Holler! at your boy if you wanna get rich
I got a town and they want it tonight, you got pounds
Well they one of the Knicks, cross Free better be strapped
The rest of your life

[Hook - Nate Dogg]
All my life I'm
I'm gonna be
Lovin' dough, chasin' hoes
Smokin' 'dro, yeah yeah yeah
All my days I'm
I'm gonna be
Ridin' strapped, back and forth
East to west, watch your back

[Verse Two - Freeway]
And I'm going going back back
To Cali Cali, is we strapped? Yes!
Private jet, gat in the vest, Heckler and Koch
Hit Nate soon as I land, hop in the van
Everything calm and cool, gat by the croch
Travel with the tool, it's just a part the plans
And I'm from the Eastside, that's how we ride
I let Mister Sig Sauer sing a song to your man
Yeaaah, it's the worlds most dangerous
Clique, the Roc, we get neck in Los Angeles
Chicks scandalous, it's just a part of the plans
I smash, photograph it, send 'em home to they man
At last, I'm more than a rap star, she bit off
More than she can chew, she's one of the fans
She said she know how we do, I swallow your crew
Break a playa off then give the drawls to his man, yeaaah

[Hook]

Tell Philly Phil Free comin' to town
And we can blaze thirty L's once I get off the plane
And go shoot past Roscoe's for chicken and waffles
You act tough, hollows will stop at your mainframe
Hit up your main man, stick to the game plan
Your main man chick wanna come home with me like Cam
Get done with her, pass her to Cam
If I wanna squirt her, take her to Fatburger
Spit murder, cross the clique, get murdered
Out in Cali wearin' any color, State Prop, stick to my brand
It ain't nothin' but crooks in here
(Whoop! Whoop!) Freewizzle, big Nate Dizzle
(Whoop! Whoop!) Get took straight from the club to the spittle
For shizzle, y'all gon' have to call the cops in here
And Nate from the westside, that's how they ride
Shots in your backside, never bust in the air, yeaaah

[Hook 2x]

[Outro - Freeway]
Whoo!
Uh, holla!
State Prop Chain Gang!
Y'all niggas know what it is
Whoo!
Back and forth, east to west
Whoo!
Freeway is in the house, is in the house, uh!
Young Gunnas in the building! Holla!
Y'all bitch ass niggas
Put your mouth on a pistol
Put your mouth on a motherfuckin' pistol! Holla!
Matter of fact, spray nigga
Jeah!
Jeah, it's the Roc!
Uh![Intro: Obie Trice] + Nate Dogg
Trell
Say niggas in Detroit don't make beats
Straight out the hood nigga
My nigga Trell, Obie Trice, Shady Records

[Nate Dogg]
From hard times (All of my life)
Got this lady on my mind
To good times (All of my days)
Wanna hit it all the time
She's mine (struggled with strife)
I was down and locked away
She's mine (thought about it everyday)
From hard times

[1st Verse]
You know a nigga wanna touch your body
We can keep in touch have an after party
Know you wanna fuck cause your acting naughty
You see us in the matress probably, ha
Wanna be involved cause the entourage I'm endulged in
You say you love my dirty drawers you're all in
Wanna sleep with the star, be baby mom
Eat lobster, see where you're coming from
Cause hey that nigga got dick for days
There ain't too many niggas blessing O's ways
I guess I just get better with old age
Cause in my hey, puss made me say "May day"
Anyway, today I'm a different human being
I crush 'em, make 'em scream
It's nothing, ain't a thing
Fronting like the dick ain't off the chain
Slicing niggas tires and things

[Hook: Nate Dogg]]
(From hard times, All of my life)
At the after party, we can get naughty watchin your body
(To good times, All of my days)
Get the shit started, coke and bacardi
Get juice and gin, and up off that ready to roll
(It's my time)
At the after party, it's a private party
What happens at the party stays at the party
(Moonshine)
Girl go and party, back up that body
Into my body, girl let's go
(From hard times)

[2nd Verse]
You know I'm somewhere where I can ease my mind be
On some island, dime piece beside me
No paparazzi, eyeing at hiney
But I am right behind she
Wanna bump and grind, crying saying I'm all up in her side
Bringin down her menustration cycle
Girl I lay pipe the the right, pipe to the left
Pipe all night, a pipe dream right
O Trice advice your type
If it ain't him it's a nigga in my clique you like
If the misses insists on the dick tonite
We throw assists like Scott Pip and Mike
You blow a kiss on my tip you just might
Get a whiff off the kid up in your windpipe
Now see that insight, it excites
Cause she's undressing for that sex right?

[Hook]

[3rd Verse]
Take time out my hectic schedule
Just to give you the pleasure your request fo'
When I hit your spine that's how you measure O
Tell your girlfriends you ain't had it like this before
Now your girlfriends all up in the mits of O
Wanna be mistress, all cause a few extra inches
Blew back your entrance, you lack experience
New jack, my crew ran through that for instance
We can fuck from dusk til dawn
It's no discussion who's nuts your on
She's such in a rush to cum
Wanna choke on a dong, like it's a bong
And what is he doin, he making her moan
Make her wanna leave that mothafucka she got back home
All O knowing is to keep hoes going
Enjoying O Trice's groin

[Hook]
(All of my life)
Got this lady on my mind
(To good times, all of my days)
Wanna hit it all the time
(It's my time, struggle and strife)
I was down and locked away
(Moonshine)
Thought about it everday
(From hard times)Warren G-
1, 2 buckle my shoe
3, 4 we gotta hit the store
5, 6 back in the mix
7, 8 Warren G and Nate

Nate Dogg-
Bang to the boogy say up jump the boogy
To the rhythm of the boogidy beat
I dont love no hoes they know so they don't be fuckin wit me

Warren G-
A long time ago I met Annie Mae
She was killing me softly like everyday
Penetentiary steel, was stickin for real
Blockbustin through the walls
Now I'm makin housecalls

Nate Dogg-
I thought I'd met a lot of scandalous women, and then I met Annie Mae
Got a thin big butt like steel
But she didn't have a place to stay

Warren G-
She was shackin at mine and shackin at his
Blowin my socks, tellin his biz
Nate Dogg this and Nate Dogg that
213 skirt, and we stay intact
So I told the homey Nate don't be mislead
Ain't no fun if the homey can't shake a leg
So I went to the house and knocked on the door
And guess who it was, Annie Mae you H-O

(Chorus)
I once knew a trick named Annie Mae (Annie Mae)
(I once met a bitch named Annie Mae)
I once knew a trick named Annie Mae (Annie Mae)
I once knew a trick named Annie Mae

Nate Dogg-
Remember yesterday I asked you baby have I seen you somewhere before
With just one look, the pussy was took
Cuz I make music that you adore
Now I'm not sure and I might be trippin
But in 94 I heard a song
It ain't no fun unless the homeys can come
So Warren G put a condom on

Warren G-
Now Nate you know me and I know you
I got rubbers, gin and socco(?) too
So lets do the do, on how we do
Never my boot, just a freak that I knew

Chorus

Warren G-
Annie Mae, Annie Mae, you ran out of time
Warren G and Nate Dogg blew your mind
Cuz if you trickin wit him
You trickin wit me, you trickin wit the 2 1 muthafuckin 3
I came from rags to riches
Trustin no snitches
Thats how we do on 9 C I X bitches
Buck em, fuck em, and put em in the trash
And jump in the 600 Benz and dash

Nate Dogg-
Hold up Warren before you go just a couple things I got to say
Are you goin home, I wanna be alone
You need to take this... home

Chorus x3[Nate Dogg]
Another short story
When he be acting bad, don't he make you mad
Wanna kick his ass, when he already showed ya
He ain't no good and that's a fact

Another sad story
She constantly says she adores me
Girl I'm all dog in love don't leave here anymore

Another short story
Her love was beginning to bore me
It doens't take long for my love to fade

Another sad story
I only call when I'm horny
But she acts like we kick all day
It's a quarter pass midnight
Don't he make you mad, you can't find his ass
Seven hours past, since he called you last
Only to you he can do no wrong
Funny how time flies
Especially when you live a whole life
Looking for love is already gone

Another short story
Already gave you a warning
A one night stand homie look what I done

Another sad story
This girl was so soft that's so lovely
I cannot stay cuz she's to strong
I keep my mind on my money
And everything else is just find someone else to play her game
I like new skirts yeah like bees like honey (honey)
You can have some if you want, hey no kissing
Oooh no, another short story
Her love was beginning to bore me
It doesn't take long for my love to fade

Another sad story
I only call when I'm horny
But she acts like we kick all day

Another short story
Already gave you a warning
A one night stand homie look what I've done[Hook: Nate Dogg]
I've got hoes
In different area codes
Hoes! In different area codes

[Verse 1 - Ludacris]
Now you thought I was just 7-7-0, and 4-0-4?
I'm worldwide, bitch act like y'all don't know
It's the abominable ho man
Globe-trot international post man
Neighbor-dick dope man
7-1-8's, 2-0-2's
I send small cities and states I-O-U's
9-0-1, matter of fact 3-0-5
I'll jump off the G4, we can meet outside
So control your hormones and keep your drawers on
'Til I close the door and I'm jumping your bones
3-1-2's, 3-1-3's (oh)
2-1-5's, 8-0-tree's (oh)
Read your horoscope and eat some hors d'oeuvres
10 on pump one; these hoes is self serve
7-5-7, 4-1-0's, my cell phone just overloads

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Ludacris]
Now every day is a ho-ly day, so stop the violence and put the 4-4 away
Skeet, shoot a ho today
5-0-4, 9-7-2's
7-1-tree, whatcha gon' do?
You checking out the scene, I'm checking a ho tonight
With perpendicular, vehicular ho-micide
3-1-4, 2-0-1 (hey)
Too much green, too much fun (hey)
I bang cock in Bangkok
Can't stop, I turn and hit the same spot, think not
I'm the Thrilla in Manila, schlong in Hong Kong
Pimp 'em like Bishop, Magic, Don Juan
Man after Henny with a coke and a smile
I just pick up the motherfuckin' phone and dial
I got my condoms in a big ass sack
I'm slanging this dick like a New Jack

[Nate Dogg]
Is it cause they like my gangsta walk?
Is it cause they like my gangsta talk?
Is it cause they like my handsome face?
Is it cause they like my gangsta ways?
Whatever it is, they love it and they just won't let me be
I handles my biz, don't rush me, just relax and let me be free
Whenever I call (I call), come running
2-1-2 or 2-1-3
You know that I ball (I ball), stop fronting
Or I'll call my substitute freak (hoes)

[Hook]

[Outro - Ludacris]
9-1-6, 4-1-5, 7-0-4
Shout out to the 2-0-6
Everybody in the 8-0-8
Ha-ah, 2-1-6, 7-0-2, 4-1-4
3-1-7, 2-1-4's and the 2-8-1's
3-3-4, 2-0-5, I see ya
Uh-uh, 3-1-8, 6-0-1's, 2-0-tree
8-0-4, 4-0-2, 3-0-1
9-0-4, 4-0-7, 8-5-0
7-0-8, 5-0-2
Hoes in different area codes, know that
Southern Hoes-pitality, Northern Exhoes-ure
Ha-ha, ho ridin' on the West coast
Ya understand what I'm saying?
Ho-cus pocus, you the dopest
Hoes to the right, hoes to the left, 5 hoes this time
Whoo! Ho no!
The Hip-hop ho-ller-coaster, that's what we on right now
Ha-ha, no need to get all ho-stile
Def Jam South baby, Disturbing Tha Peace
Jazze Pheezy, Uncle Face
Ludacris, uh, hoes...(*whistling*) I'm sweating like a motherf[Hook: Nate Dogg]
When your days get lonely (days get lonely)
When your nights get cold (nights get cold)
When the rain starts pouring (rains starts pouring)
When your man ain't home (man ain't home)
You can call me baby (call me baby)
You can let me know (let me know)
You ain't had none lately (had none lately)
Lemme in your backdoor (let me in your backdoor)

[Verse 1]
Meanie walks out the door
Meanie act like he dont want you no more
You can do the same thang
Two can play at this game
With his love and you bored
He got you doing his chores
Minus will be with me
You ain't nobody's slave
When your days get lonely

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
He ain't never gone change
He still be playing them games
You can do the same thang
Girl I won't say a thang
If you dont tell, I won't tell
We gave in life, what the hell
We both want the same thang
Ain't no need to complain
When your days get lonely

[Hook] - 3X[Redman]
I react like a dog when ya move his food
I'll turn your blocks upside down like Rubik's Cube
I need a bad girl to make a nigga lose his cool
But in the heat of the battle she'll pull his tool
I take 'em - skinny, dumb, blind, crippled and crazy
Or even five-hundred pounds sweatin' gravy
You know, she cooks cover, not with Maybelline
So "Next Friday" she hunt you like Baby D
I told her I'm not big, I'm tight with money
Tight nigga, stay shittin' with a diaper on me
Niggas throw on your gators, I'm the type that's bummy
Stayin' around the hood keep me nice and hungry
She said "I like your style", I complimented
Her ass like a garden, I gotta dig it
Niggas better duck when baby squeeze
Bad girl, bad girl from L.A.P.D. nigga

[Nate Dogg]
I, I know that I shouldn't, I
Shouldn't buy into this lie
I know that she got 2 or 3/4 guys
I, I know that these girls all fly
And they know that I'm that guy
Who can make all these girls come alive
Why? Because I got my eye
Got my eyes on them thighs
And she got her eyes on this bad guy

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
Bad Girls (bad, bad girls)
Bad Girls (bad, bad girls)
Bad Girls (bad, bad girls)
Bad Girls (bad, bad girls)

[Nate Dogg]
I, I got a nasty mind
And she got a big behind
I gotta make that bad girl mine
Why? She likes to play all night
Knows how to move just right
I better slow down before she pass me by
Tonight, I'mma show her tonight
Won't let her go tonight
Look at her shake it, my-my-my

[Redman]
Ey yo Nate, that bad girl ain't Platinum, she a Diamond to me
She got a car door that open, ninety degrees
Or how 'bout them women, that's outdoor 'til the mail come
First of the month, they toes and nails done
Workin' three jobs just to feed her children
And to fuck me on the beach at Hedonism
She smoke like I do, ride like I ride
She's that bad girl that'll ride 'til I die
Fool, nigga, say ya seen what?
Bad girls all gettin' stuck in here
Yo, bad girls, they gettin' stuck in here
Yo, these bad girls gettin' stuck in here

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
Bad Girls (bad, bad girls)
Bad Girls (bad, bad girls)
Bad Girls (bad, bad girls)
Bad Girls (bad, bad girls)(Chorus x2)
I'll bring the bag of weed
You can bring the bottle of wine
Call me whenever, we can get together
And have us a real good time

[Nate Dogg]
Its still morning
I'm still yawning
Outside my window
Someone's calling
Her name was Nicky
Habits freaky
She liked to do me
Her and her homies
Did I mention
That I'm balling
Rollin on gold ones
Thats right, crawling
Thats why she's jocking
Early this morning
I'm feeling under the weather
I'll soon be feeling better
Don't forget the paper next time

(Chorus x2)
(Somebody's calling)
I'll bring the bag of weed
(outside my window)
You can bring the bottle of wine
(somebody's calling)
Call me whenever, we can get together
(outside my window)
And have us a real good time

[Tray Dee]
Call me whenever, but never ever after 10
Cuz I got to be at home with my bitch and my kids
I hit the skin flip the twin lips of love apart
Get to diggin in ya ligaments then bust ya heart
Cuz from the start, soon as we sparked the bag I brought
I seen you chokin through the smoke noticed your titties was taut
You caught, up in the game that I came to spit
I cracked the hennessey and entered DP gangsta shit
You wanna get with this, or is you in to twist
The game up and make me cum just to say you came up
And gained what another strike on your rap
When you coulda kept your mouth shut and right on the step
With the program knowin damn well you wrong girl
Cuz I shook you and took two of your homegirls
You played yourselves so I had to leave
Baby shoulda just chilled off this bag of weed

(Chorus x2)
(Somebody's calling)
I'll bring the bag of weed
(outside my window)
You can bring the bottle of wine
(somebody's calling)
Call me whenever, we can get together
(outside my window)
And have us a real good time

(Bridge x6)
I can bring the fat ass bag of weed
I just now left the spot
You can bring the cold ass bottle of wine
And make that your first spot

(Chorus x3)
(Somebody's calling)
I'll bring the bag of weed
(outside my window)
You can bring the bottle of wine
(somebody's calling)
Call me whenever, we can get together
(outside my window)
And have us a real good time[Nate Dogg]
Chiti-chiti-bang-bang
Don Chi Chi (That's me)
Rollin wit'cha nigga Nate D
You know these niggas straight bang
Big game D - ballin with the 21st street
Chiti-chiti-bang-bang
Don Chi Chi (That's me)
Still makin tight-ass beats
I'm rollin in my brome, I stay sweet
Ain't nobody ballin like me

[Jermaine Dupri]
It goes, mirror mirror on the wall
Who's the biggest baller of all
I got a 700, a Bentley, and a Magine
The girls just DIE when I'm ridin past
Live life like I'm sellin pies
Ah-rabian, with two or three wives
Two or three houses to hide
Ten cars that's parked outside
And they all got bodies that's wide, follow me
As the Leer jet flies, over Crimson Tides
Four bedroom duplex in the sky
Nicknamed Lottery, cuz I don't stop spendin
When the wheels stop, the chrome keep spinnin
Like the six moon-walkin, shit I ain't talkin
I'm straight livin it, it's a wonder I ain't shiverin
I'm so frozen and you've been chosen
To roll with me and Nate D-O double G, sing

[Nate Dogg]
It's five o'clock in the mo'nin
I've already downed five, I've already downed five Mo's
See ya around my block on the weekend
All we do is chase bad, all we do is chase bad hoes
Pass me the weed if it's chronic
If not then I just say no, then I just say no
Three girls a date, that's my limit
We ballin outta control, we ballin outta control-ol

[Jermaine Dupri]
Now whether you like me or not, whenever I drop
You know I give you number one hits platinum hot
It's so much clarity in my rocks, I'm thinkin like
It's gotta be somebody greater, maybe it's not
Cuz I flow for those, that get that dough
Hits for every chick with a size C tits
See it's like this, I don't mind wavin at you kids
But I can't manage to raise my wrist
Jewels so heavy, y'all fools ain't ready
My twenty-two shot the streets into confetti
Move like Andretti, redlinin
Whatever city I'm in, headlinin
At five a.m. I'm still lookin for mo'
Still gettin crunk, still lettin it flow
Bar outta Cris' now I'm drinkin Mo'
Stomach upset, I feel like I'm about to let it go

[Nate Dogg]
It's five o'clock in the mo'nin
Got my pedal to the flo', got my pedal to the flo'
It's time I test my 600
Wonder how fast this bitch go, wonder how fast this bitch go
Three girls and two of 'em sleepin
One got her hands on my balls, one got her hands on my balls
Sun's comin up, we still drinkin
We ballin outta control, really ballin outta control-ol

[Jermaine Dupri]
Dance, everybody
And everbody just clap ya hands
Lemme see y'all dance, everybody
Everybody just clap ya hands
Lemme see y'all dance, everybody
And everybody just clap ya hands
Lemme see y'all dance, everybody
Everybody just clap ya hands

[Nate Dogg]
Chiti-chiti-bang-bang
Don Chi Chi
Rollin wit'cha nigga Nate D
You know these niggas straight bang
Big game D - ballin with the 21st street
Chiti-chiti-bang-bang
Don Chi Chi
Still makin tight-ass beats
I'm rollin in my brome, I stay sweet
Ain't nobody ballin like me...When the cats, away
The mice will play
Thats what the people say
All I know is doggs play anyways
Cuz I play everyday
You do it too dont lie
Soon as you're out my site
I seen you creepin by
While I was creepin mine
While I was checkin out
I saw you checkin in
I shoulda knocked you out
But I was with your friend

X2
Because I got a girl, dont mean we can't talk
Because I got a girl, dont mean I won't break you off
X4
(Come On) Come on girl let me heed it
(Come on) Meet me at the deli thats if you're weeded

Back in the days I used to like bitches
But I tell you nowadays bitches ain't shit
And if you wonder why I say this
I've had a few bitches and bitches think they slick
Runnin around, playin all my niggas
Trying to split a brother from his grip
Got all these bustaz watchin me
But I tell you right now ho, I dont slip
I'd like to give a shout out to my favorite girl
But I won't you know why, because she's a trick
And if I give a shout out to a sneaky bitch
I got to give a shout to the nigga she's sneakin with
(and all my homeys say)

(Chorus x4)
Because I got a girl, dont mean we can't talk
(come on girl let me heed it)
Because I got a girl, dont mean I won't break you off
(meet me at the deli thats if you're weeded)
(x4)
Come on girl let me heed it
Meet me at the deli thats if you're weeded

Cuz I have never met a girl
That I love in the whole wide world[Saafir as radio host]
Rrrah, uhh, bitch!
It's radio radio station, cat Xzibit huh?
K-W-Balls, Daniel Thompson hold like this
Like that in fact, with a fat-ass Battlecat track
I'm takin caller number one, that is..
Rrrah uhh, bitch - you took too long
Caller number two like this..

[Xzibit]
{*BZZT*} Bounce up out of the house close to midnight
Full rack up in the back {*BZZ BZZ*} shit is tight
Full charge and I'm out for somethin
Mass production, Battlecat bang percussion
End of discussion, hittin some corners, rearrange thangs
And brang change, we expand California
Listen - I lost more than I can ever gain back
From this road to riches, makin my heart turn black
So I'm cold to bitches, and I never call back
Plus I'm stoned and vicious, lay your whole hood flat
Get your, shit together nigga Big Snoop Dogg told me
'Do music and leave that other shit alone homey'
We came from dust, the X-odus, the hard to touch
Y'all niggas ain't fuckin with us, and plus
It ain't nothin like standin on your own two
So run them streets, but never let 'em run you

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
Time is steady wastin, steady wastin
Since time won't wait for me, yeah, won't wait, won't wait
Just give me a beat that's bang, give me a beat that's bangin
I'll bust 'til I'm deceased, yeah, wooo-oooh, ooh-ooh-ooooh

[Xzibit]
Tune in, witness the rise of a icon
The python wrap around 'til your breath gone
The upper echelon, and I'm the cat you pull a weapon on
And wanna squeeze 'til my life is gone?
Back to the wall and trust nobody
Sippin Cognac with Kurupt, Young Gotti
Somebody gotta recognize this
Throw fo' fingers up, add a thumb, then make it a fist
Number one draft pick, lead the league in assists
Give a fuck how you decorate your neck and your wrists
You just settin yourself up for the twist (gimme that) it's like this
Only a few slide through like the Schindler's List
Who's the bitch, who's the mack, what's worse
The niggas that bring in the coke or smoke the crack?
Metaphor figure four let it break your back (yeah)
It's been a long time, where the gangstas at?

[Hook]

[Xzibit]
Damn it feels good to be back in the saddle
On top of the game, crackin the frame, the heat of the battle
Been a long time comin but we waited
Xzibit went from bein hated, to makin the whole world say it
Give a fuck if the radio play it
Niggas fall like the domino effect and you can't delay it
It ain't about who you are when you're makin your stack
It's the look that's on your face when you givin it back
So picture that

[Nate Dogg]
Time, keeps on slippin, slippin.. keeps on slippin away.. mm-hmm
My mind keeps on trippin, trippin.. trippin like ev-ery-day.. mm-hmm

[X] Yeah, it's been a long time

[Hook][Kurupt]
Burn so crooked (crooked)
The poet likes to spit (spit)
Kareem, that's my dog
Life, Behind the Walls
Nigga life, behind the walls
Yeah, welcome to Oz niggas, surprise niggas..

Keep ya head right, keep ya game tight
Ya might not make it through the night (hold up)
This ain't nothin but war in here
We overpacked in here, you put more in here?
'Bout to rain like snow and let it all go
Father Ray, to cut (mmm)
I'm gon' need all the friends I could get
Cause I'm through with this shit
Hit up Tim, uhm, yeah
Tell me something good mayn
Cause I'm so discombobulated being out the hood
I don't know if it's a bad or a good thang
Missin Cadillacs switches in the wood grain
Don't touch on my matress, it ain't cool
Simon on the yard straight trippin on fools
CO so crooked (crooked)
Come equipped when the shank sticks

[Hook One: Kurupt]
Yeah, that's my dogg
Life, Behind the Walls
Life, Behind the Walls
Suckers - welcome to Oz niggas; surprise niggas

[Hook Two: Nate Dogg]
West coast representin for all my doggs
One love to my doggs behind the walls
Nate Dogg and I'm tight for all of y'all
Stand strong, stand tall, and never fall
West coast representin for all my doggs
One love to my doggs behind the walls
Nate Dogg and I'm tight for all of y'all
Stand strong, stand tall, and never fall

[Kurupt]
Quick to get ticked off
Every other day, take this wit'cha (wit'cha)
The politics stretched out, we all stressed out
Do your thang and I'mma do my thang
We up in the zoo, headed-quarter ? to the West wang
Oh you servin up somethin? Well you gotta kick in
It's the politics to y'all politicians
Kicked in - shank stick in
Only God dump; inmates gets stuck
I'm smokin on a hump, hollin at her
A fool walked up, talkin 'bout the phone
Phone check huh? I miss my pump
It ain't no thang even though he's holdin boulders
I'mma still squabble this fool from the shoulders
If I win or lose the respect that counts
Be the first take off ? PC out
The guard so crooked (crooked)
Come equipped when the shank sticks

[Hook One]

[Nate Dogg]
Well I've arrived at my new home - cell three
I looked around and what did I see?
One of them clowns one of my enemies
Gotta stay down so I make me some weed
It's goin down in the mornin on me
Soon as they say "Hey line up," let's leave
Right now the nigga just as safe as can be
But when we hit the kitchen maaan sleep
Nate Dogg and I'm tight for all of y'all
When you wanna make a hit, give me a call
West coast representin for all my doggs
One love to my doggs Behind the Walls
Nate Dogg and I'm tight for all of y'all
Stand strong, stand tall, and never fall
West coast representin for all my doggs
One love to my doggs Behind the Walls

[Kurupt]
Huhh, in here, we work out, re-utilize time
Findin somethin in ourselves to find
I make you go see, Sister Peter Marie
I'm the jaw tapper, I'mma be a G in here like Antonio Nappa
Doctor Gloria fix ya up completely
I just might stick myself (aahh!) so she can feel on me
Watch out boy! It's comin fast (fast)
White lightnin's 'bout to strike
It don't matter who up in here boy!
There's sixteen inmates just like him
Violent as a Viking; systematic, terrible, tragic
Tragic, drastic, spasmatic, casualties growin like cancer
I'm all outta breath like a nigga asthmatic
With asthma, here's the perfect answer
And also here's ya last chance to just
Try to make it over the wall (the wall)
The inmates are so crooked (crooked)
Come equipped when the shank sticks

[Hook One]

[Hook Two]

[Kurupt over Hook Two]
Yeah! West Coast!
Stand strong! Kurupt!
Roll! Yeah!
Behind the Walls!

[Kurupt]
Yeah, so crooked, c'mon, come equiped when the shank sticks
Yeah, that's my dogg, (Dogg Pound)
Life behind the walls (it's like that)
Spending life behind the walls
Welcome to Oz

Life Behind the Walls {*repeat until fade*}