[Produced by Pharrell Williams]

[Hook: Snoop Dogg & Pharrell]
She 'bout to go in
She likes that low end
Damn her ass is so big
Just keep it bumpin'
Peaches N Cream
Uh oh there she go
That's that look all on her face
Shorty dancing like she knows
She's the baddest in the place (Hey, hey)
I wanna get with you (Freak, don't fail me now, hey)
So what you wanna do?
Got her Freak-Um dress on
Them New Bs on her feet
And them bottles with the sparkles
So the other girls can see that she's Paid
I wanna get with you (Freak, don't fail me now, hey!)
So what you wanna do?

[Verse 1]
She too fly for words
And where I'm at now I'm too high for birds
Shorty, what you think about my return
Cuz what he think about it ain't my concern
I ain't come for you, I came for your Missus
I don't do it for the haters, I do it for the players
Well okay, I do it for the riches
But in the meantime and in-between time
Shorty right there gon' get it if she with it
If she ain't, then I know her partner down
Cuz her partner throwing shots every time I turn around
And her partner bringing partners every time I come to town
I'm a G6er, a Maybacher
You can tell the chauffeur he can park it right there
And I'ma walk up to the club upstairs
And when I come down he can bring it backward

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
I came to cut right now
Bigg Snoop Dogg and I came to get down
Yes, I'm internationally known
Libra lovin' make you moan and groan
Burn my gas like race cars
Two bad broads with the bass on
I never met a girl that I'd wait for
I seal my deal like Jay does
All that and then some
Pimp real for real when I win some
I remember what you're thinking
Black shades on, drinking while you're blinking
Something fly, white limousine
Make a clean getaway
I loved your clothes, what you about
The way you let it out

[Hook]

[Outro: Snoop Dogg & Charlie Wilson]
Everybody in the world (Here we go)
Fill your body with the smoke (And that's the way to go)

[Hook]Where they at? (8X)

[Hook]
If you want to go and take a ride with me
We 3-wheeling in the fo' with the gold D's
Oh why do I live this way? (Hey, must be the money!)

If you want to go and get high with me
Smoke a L in the back of the Benz-E
Oh why must I feel this way? (Hey, must be the money!)

[Verse 1 - Nelly]
In the club on the late night, feeling right
Looking, trying to spot something real nice
Looking for a little shorty I noticed so that I can take home
(I can take home)
She can be 18 (18) with an attitude
Or 19, kinda snotty, acting real rude
But as long as you a thicky-thicky-thick girl you know that it's on
(Know that it's on)
I peep something coming towards me on the dance floor
Sexy and real slow
Saying she was peeping and I dig the last video
"So when Nelly, can we go?" How could I tell her no?
Her measurements were 36-25-34
I like the way you brush your hair
And I like those stylish clothes you wear
I like the way the light hit the ice and glare
And I can see you, boo, from way over there

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Nelly]
Face and body Frontenac, don't know how to act
Without no vouchers on her boots she's bringing nothing back
You should feel the impact, shop on plastic
When the sky's the limit and them haters can't get past that
Watch me as I gas that 4 dot 6 Range
Watch the candy paint change, every time I switch lanes
It feel strange now
Making a living off my brain, instead of 'caine now
I got the title from my momma put the whip in my own name now
Damn shit done changed now
Running credit checks with no shame now
I feel the fame now (come on), I can't complain now (no more)
Shit I'm the mayne now, in and out my own town
I'm getting pages out of New Jersey from Courtney B
Telling me about a party up in NYC
And can I make it? Damn right, I be on the next flight
Paying cash; first class - sitting next to Vanna White

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Nelly]
Check, check -- yo, I know something you don't know
And I've got something to tell ya
You won't believe how many people straight doubted the flow
Most said that I was a failure
But now the same motherfuckers asking me for dough
And I'm yelling: "I can't help ya"
"But Nelly can we get tickets to the next show?"
Hell no (what's witchyou?!) you for real?!

[City Spud]
Hey yo, now that I'm a fly guy, and I fly high
Niggas want to know why: why I fly by
But yo, it's all good, Range Rover all wood
Do me like you should - fuck me good, suck me good
We be them stud niggas, 'wishing you was' niggas
Popping like we drug dealers, sipping Crissy, bubb' macking
Honey in the club, me in the Benz
Icy grip, telling me to leave with you and your friends
So if shorty want to knock, we knocking to this
And if shorty want to rock, we rocking to this
And if shorty want to pop, we popping the Crist'
Shorty wanna see the ice, then I ice the wrist
City talk, Nelly listen; Nelly talk, city listen
When I fuck fly bitches; when I walk pay attention
See the ice and the glist'; niggas staring or they diss
Honies looking all "they wish" - come on boo, gimme kiss

[Hook]

Hey, must be the money! (4X)[Hook]
I'm going down, down, baby, your street, in a Range Rover
Street sweeper baby, cocked, ready to let it go
Shimmy, shimmy, cocoa what
Listen to it pound
Light it up and take a puff, pass it to me now

[Verse 1]
You can find me in St. Louis rolling on dubs
Smoking on dubs in clubs, blowing up like Cocoa Puffs
Sipping bub, getting perved and getting dubbed
Daps and hugs, mean mugs and shoulder shrugs
And it's all because accumulated enough scratch
Just to navigate it, wood decorated on chrome
And it's candy painted, and fainted while I'm entertaining
Wild, ain't it? How me and money get acquainted
I hang with Hannibal Lector, hot shitso feel me when I bring it
Sing it loud, I'm from the Lou' and I'm proud
Run a mile for the cause,I'm righteous above the law
Player my style's raw, I'm Born to Mack like Todd Shaw
Forget the fame and the glamour,give me D's with a rubber hammer
My grammar be's ebonicsgin, tonic and chronic
Fuck Bionic, it's ironic,slamming niggas like Onyx
Lunatics til the day I die,I run more game than the Bulls and Sonics

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Who say pretty boys can't be wild niggas
Loud niggas, O.K. Corral niggas
Foul niggas, running the club and busting the crowd nigga
How nigga, ask me again and it's going down nigga
Now nigga, come to the circus and watch me clown, nigga
Pound niggas, what you be giving when I'm around nigga
Frown niggas, talking shit when I leave the town, nigga
Say now, can you hoes come out to play now
Hey I'm, ready to cut you up any day now
Play by, my rules Boo and you gon' stay high
May I answer your Third Question like A.I
Say hi, to my niggas left in the slamma
From St. Louis to Memphis, from Texas back up to Indiana
Chi-Town,K.C., Motown to Alabama
L.A., New York Yankee niggas to Hotlanta
Louisiana, all my niggas with Country Grammar
Smoking blunts in Savannah,blow thirty mil' like I'm Hammer

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Let's show these cats to make these millions
So you niggas quit acting silly, mon
Kid quicker than Billy, mon, talking really and I need it mon
Flows, I kick 'em freely mon, especially off Remi, mon
Keys to my Beemer, mon, holla at Beenie Man
See me, mon, chiefin', rollin deeper than any mon
Through Jennings mon, through U-City back up to Kingsland
With nice niggas, shiest niggas who snatch yo' life, niggas
Trife niggas who produce and sell the same beat twice, nigga
Ice niggas, all over close to never sober
From broke to having brokers: my price-range is Rover
Now I'm knocking like Jehovah; let me in now, let me in now
Bill Gates, Donald Trump, let me in now
Spin now, I got money to lend my friends now
We in now, candy Benz, Kenwood and 10"s now
I win now, fucking lesbian twins now
Seeing now, through the pen I make my ends now[Kelly Rowland]
I.. love you, and I.. need you
Nelly, I.. love you, I do.. neeeeed you

[Hook: Kelly Rowland]
No matter what I do, all I think about is you
Even when I'm with my boo, boy you know I'm crazy over you
No matter what I do, all I think about is you
Even when I'm with my boo, you know I'm crazy over you

[Verse 1: Nelly]
I met this chick and she just moved right up the block from me
And uhh, she got the hots for me, the finest thing my hood done seen
But oh no, oh no
She gotta a man and a son, though
But that's okayCause I, wait for my cue and just listen, play my position
Like a shortstop, pick up e'rything mami hitting
And in no time.. (no time)
I plan to make this one here mine...
And that's for sure cause I, I never been the type to, break up a happy home
But uh, there's something 'bout baby girl I just can't leave alone
So tell me ma what's it gonna be? She said
(You don't know what you mean to me) C'mon!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Nelly]
I see a lot and you look and I never say a word
I know how niggas start actin trippin out here about they girls
And there's no way, Nelly gon' fight over no dame...
As you can seeBut I, I like your steez, your style, your whole demeanor
The way you come through and holla and swoop me in his 2-seater
Now that's gangsta...
And I got special ways to thank ya....
Don't you forget itBut uh, it ain't that easy for you to pack and leave him
But uh, you and dirty got ties for different reasons
I respect that and right before I turn to leave, she said.. she said..
(You don't know what you mean to me), c'mon!

[Hook]

[Nelly]
Sing it for me K

[Bridge: Kelly Rowland]
I.. love you (word?) and I.. need you
Nelly I.. love you, I do.. (c'mon girl)
And it's more than you'll.. ever know
Boy... it's for sure
You can always count on my love
Forever more, yeah yeah...

[Outro: Nelly]
East coast, I know you shaking right
Down South, I know you bouncing right
West coast, I know you walking right, cause
Midwest, I see you swinging right
(You don't know what you mean to me)

[Hook]

[Outro] x2

[Hook]

[Outro] x2[Verse 1]
I'm a sucker for corn rows and manicured toes
Fendi capri pants and Parasuco's
The rise of Diddy and City, with one or two throws
I'm draftin 'em outta high school straight into the pros
Who knows? I know!
And I love it when you make your knees touch your elbows
And break it down low to the flo', and there you go
Now throw it on me slow
And everytime I bust a rhyme,  baby "Gimme Some Mo'"
You say you like that, when I hit it from behind
And I'll be right back; yeah that's my very next line
I use it - time after time, when I'm speakin my mind
It's no matter if I'm shootin game to a pigeon or dime
I ask her, "Who dat is, talkin that shit about the 'tics?"
Somebody probably jealous cause they bitch got hit
But ain't nobody else droppin shit like this
Should we apologize? Nah fuck 'em, just leave 'em pissed, HEY!

[Hook]
Andele andele mami, E.I. E.I
Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! What's poppin tonight?
Andele andele mami, E.I. E.I
Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! If the head right, Nelly there ery'night

[Verse 2]
We can gamble to the break of dawn, nigga
Money long, nigga
Pass up the skirt to talk to the thong, nigga
Some say I'm wrong, but fuck it I'm grown, nigga
If you ain't bout money then best be gone, nigga
I'm flashy (uh) double takes when you walk past me
Nasty, don't be scared boo, go 'head and ask me
I drive fastly, call me Jeff Gord-on
In the black SS with the naviga-tion
See the joint blaz-on, somethin smells amaz-on
I got a chick rollin up, half black and asi-an
Another one page-in, tellin me to come home
Her husband on vacation and left her home alone
I used the V-12, powers; weight loss, powers
From +Phat Farm+ to +Iceberg Slim+ in one shower
Get a room in Trump Towers just to hit the P hours
Kicked the bitch up out the room cause she used the word ours, HEY!

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Aiyyo I smash-mouth a whole ounce, of that sticky
Wash my hands under a gold spout, when feelin icky
Let go off in a ho's mouth, I ain't picky
Start frontin when the shows out - whatchu mean?!
Twenty inches when they roll ouuuuuuut - come and get me
Big faces when they fold ouuuuuuut - is you wit me?
Don't make me pull that fo'-fo' ouuuuuuut
I keep it closer when the dough ouuuuuuut
Then I slide up in the Escalade
Me and E gettin solid like the Ice Capades
And me and Heezy - frosty, Roger the Rabbit and Bugsy
You understand me, wrapped wrists like mummies
If you compare me to your local grocery
Then you'll see I got more carrots/karats than "Aisle D"
More bread than "Aisle G", then bag and scan me
Sure like Al B., meet the 'tics in Maui, HEY!

[Hook]

[Bridge]
St. Louis y'all, uh, uh
Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Uh, can you feel that?
Lunatics y'all, uh, uh
Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Uh, uh, Uncle Phil up above y'all, uh, uh
Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Yell it universal y'all, uh, uh
Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Uh, uh, chillin chillin chillin with the crew y'all

[Hook]Rob the jewelry store and tell 'em make me a grill
Add the whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold

[J.D.]
Yo we bout to start a epidemic wit this one
Y'all know what this is... So So Def

[Nelly]
Got 30 down at the bottom, 30 more at the top
All invisible set in little ice cube blocks
If I could call it a drink, call it a smile on the rocks
If I could call out a price, let's say I call out a lot
I got like platinum and white rose, traditional gold
I'm changing grills everyday, like Jay change clothes
I might be grilled out nicely (oh) In my white tee (oh)
Or on South Beach (oh) in my wife beat
VVS studded, you can tell when they cut it
You see my grandmama hate it, but my lil mama love it
Cause when I...

[Brandy]
Open up ya mouth, ya grill gleaming (say what)
Eyes stay low from the chiefing (chiefing)

[Nelly]
I got a grill they call penny candy, you know what that means
It look like Now and Laters, gum drops, jelly beans
I wouldn't leave it for nothing only a crazy man would
So if you catch me in your city, somewhere out in your hood
Just say...

[Hook]
Smile for me daddy (What you looking at)
Let me see ya grill (Let me see my what)
Ya, ya grill ya, ya, ya grill (Rob the jewelry store and tell 'em make me a grill)
Smile for me daddy (What you looking at)
I want to see your grill (You wanna see my what)
Ya, ya grill ya, ya, ya grill (Had a whole top diamonds and the bottom rows gold)

[Paul Wall]
What it do baby, it's the ice man Paul Wall
I got my mouth looking something like a disco ball
I got the diamonds and the ice all hand set
I might cause a cold front if I take a deep breath
My teeth gleaming like I'm chewing on aluminum foil
Smiling showing off my diamonds sipping on some potent oil
I put my money where my mouth is and bought a grill
20 carats 30 stacks let 'em know I'm so for real
My motivation is from 30 pointers, VVS
The frontage in my mouth piece simply symbolize success
I got the wrist wear and neck wear that's captivating
But it's what smile that's got these onlookers spectating
My mouth piece simply certified a total package
Open up my mouth and you see more carrots than a salad
My teeth are mind blowing giving everybody chills
Call me George Foreman cause I'm selling everybody grills

[Hook]

[Gipp]
Gipp got them yellows, got them purples, got them reds
Lights gon' hit and make you woozy in your head
You can catch me in my 2 short drop
Mouth got colors like a Fruit Loop box

[Ali]
It's what it do, in the Lou', ice grill, country grammar
Where the hustlers move bricks and the gangsters bang hammers
Where I got 'em you can spot 'em, on the top, on the bottom
Got a bill in my mouth like I'm Hillary Rodham

[Gipp]
I ain't dissing nobody but lets bring it to the light
Gipp was the first with my mouth bright white
Yeah these hoes can't focus cause they eyesight blurry
Tipping on some 4's you can see my mouth jewelry

[Ali]
I got four different sets its a fabulous thang
One white, one yellow, like Fabolous chain
And the other set the same got my name in the mold
(Had a whole top diamonds and the bottom row's gold)

[Hook]

[Brandy]
Boy, how you get grill that way
And how much did you pay
Every time I see you
Tha first thing I'm gon' say hey.....

[Hook][Intro: Jazzy Pha & The Notorious B.I.G.]
The Biggie Duets! (Uhh!)
Jazzy Fizzle, Jagged Edge (Biggie Smalls)
Ladies and gentlemen!

[Verse 1: Notorious B.I.G.]
I go on and on and on and
Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin
Easy, call 'em on the phone and
Platinum Chanel cologne and
I stay dressed to impress
Spark these bitches interest
Sex is all I expect
If they watch TV in the Lex, they know
They know, quarter past 4
Left the club tipsy, say no mo'
Except how I'm gettin home tomorrow
Cease will drop you off when he see his P.O
Back of my mind I hope she swallow
Man she spilled a drink on my cream Wallows
Reach the gate, hungry just ate
Riffin, she got to be to work by eight
This must mean she ain't tryna wait
Conversate, sex on the first date
I state, "You know what you do to me"
She starts off, "But I don't usually"
Then I whipped it out, rubber no doubt
Step out, show me what you all about
Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse
Pull your G-string down South
Threw that back out, in the parking lot
By a Cherokee and a green drop-top
And I don't stop until I squirt
Jeans, skirt, butt-naked - it all work

[Hook: Jagged Edge]
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All my women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G

[Verse 2: Diddy]
You know I like nasty girls...
I need you to dance, I need you to strip
I need you to shake your lil' ass and hips
I need you to grind like you workin' for tips
And gimme what I need while we listen to Prince
Cause miss you ain't seen the world yet, rocked La Perla yet
Rocked them pearl sets, flew in a pearl jet
My style make a low profile girl smile
Blow a chick back like I blow through a trial (take that)
And now you and me can drink some Hennessy
Then we get it on
Made women wantin' to bone Sean Combs, sippin' on Patron
Speedin' be leanin' got 'em fiendin'
Then when I did it to you throw it right back (right back)
And tell me "Yeah Diddy I like it like that" (like that)
Lift your shirt, you know how I flirt
Heels & skirt let's take it off now let's work (LETS WORK!)

[Hook: Jagged Edge]

[Jagged Edge]
J & B-I-G (what! what!)
Got the keys from Diddy (uh! uh!)
We're a Man lookin'no stress
Meet us upstairs in ya best, yes!
Dress, to impress, spark this bitch's intrest
Jazzy on the beat so sweet
Ladies if ya feel me grab ya titties for B-I-G

[Verse 4: Nelly]
Okay ma, what's ya preference
Nice and slow or fast and reckless
Pull your hail girl, bite cha necklace!
Lemme show you what a nigga from the Lou' is blessed with (hey!)
I make ya sprang a leak
When I'm done flip the mattress change the sheets (gotta change 'em)
I'm like the radical one
I vibrate a lil' more than your mechanical one
(From yo' titties to ya thong)
Either way mama I'mma make you do what it do
(Girl I'm about to make you cum)
Guaranteed when you fuckin wit me

[Jagged Edge]
Cause I'll go on and on and on
On and on and on
On and on
Ladies if you feel me, grab them thangs for Biggie

[Hook: Jagged Edge]
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All the women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G

[Outro: Jazzy Pha]
Ladies & gentlemen you are now in tune into the very best
Jazzy Fizzle... Nelly man, Jagged Edge
The Notorious... NOTORIOUS! B-I-G
THE BIGGIE DUETS! NOTORIOUS!
BAD BOY! SHO NUFF SHO NUFF!
NOTORIOUS! NOTORIOUS!
Ladies & Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen...
LET'S GO! LET'S GO! LET'S GO!Uh uh uh
I just gotta bring it to they attention dirty, that's all..

[Nelly]
You better watch who you talkin bout; runnin your mouth, like you know me
You gon' fuck around and show why the "Show Me" get called the "Show Me"
Why one-on-one you can't hold me if your last name was Hanes
Only way you wear me out is stitch my name on your pants
No resident of France; but you swear I'm from Paris
Hundred-six karats - total? Naw that's per wrist
Trying to compurr this - my chain to yo' chain
I'm like Sprint or Motorola - no service, out of your range
You out of your brains, thinkin I'mma shout out your name
You gotta come up with better ways than that to catch your fame
All that pressure you applyin it's time to ease off
Before I hit you from the blindside takin your sleeves off
As much as we's floss, still hard to please boss
Don't be lyin bitchin and cryin - suck it up as a loss
Cause your, acts is wack, your whole label is wack
And matter fact, eh eh-eh eh a-hold that

[Hook: Nelly]
I.. am.. number one - no matter if you like it
Here take it sit down and write it
I.. am.. number one
Hey hey hey hey hey hey - now let me ask you man
What does it take to be number one?
Two is not a winner and three nobody remembers (hey)
What does it take to be number one?
Hey hey hey hey..

[Unknown girl]
Do you like it when I shake it for ya, daddy? Move it all around?
Let you get a peep before it touches the ground?

[Nelly]
Hell yeah ma I love a girl that's willin to learn
Willin to get in the driver's seat and willin to turn
And not concerned about that he say, she say, did he say
What I think he said? Squash that, he probably got that off eBay
Or some, Internet access some, website chat line
Mad cause I got mine, don't wind up on the flat line
Ohh if my uncle could see me know
If he could see how many rappers wanna be me now
Straight emulatin my style right to the "down down"
Can't leave out the store now better wait 'til they calm down
I got hella shorties, comin askin, "Yo where the party?"
Ohh lordy - will I continue to act naughty?
Mixing Cris' and Bacardi, got me thinkin fo' sho'
I'm not a man of many words but there's one thing I know - pimp

[Hook]

[Nelly]
Check it, uhh, check, yo
Aiyyo I'm tired of people judgin what's real Hip-Hop
Half the time you be them niggas who fuckin album flop
YOU KNOW! Boat done sank and it ain't left the dock
C'MON! Mad cause I'm hot; HE JUST - mad cause he not
You ain't gotta gimme my props, just gimme the yachts
Gimme my rocks, and keep my fans comin in flocks
'Til you top the Superbowl, keep your mouth on lock
Shhhhh.. {*crickets*} I'm awake, ha ha ha!
I'm cocky on the mic but I'm humble in real life
Taking nothin for granted blessin e'rything on my life
Trying to see a new light at the top of the roof
Baby name not Sigel but I speak The Truth
I heat the booth - Nelly actin so uncouth
Top down shirt off in the coupe, spreadin the loot
With my family and friends, and my closest of kin
And I'll do it again if it means I'mma win

[Hook]
Dirty I.. am.. number one - no matter if you like it
Here take it sit down and write it
Hey I.. am.. number one
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
Dirty what does it take to be number one?
Two is not a winner and three nobody remembers
EY! - what does it take to be number one?
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
Heyyyy I.. am.. number one
I.. am.. number one
What does it take to be number one?
Two is not a winner and three nobody remembers
What does it take to be number one?
Hey hey hey hey hey hey
I.. am.. number one
Uhh uhh uh, uh uh uhh-uh uh
Listen I I, I I I-I number one..
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I I, I I, number one..
The two is not a winner and three nobody remembers
.. number one
Cause two is not a winner and three nobody remembers[Intro: Diddy]
Yeah, hey yo Nelly
Let's do this

[Hook: Notorious B.I.G.]
At, at, at last I'm literally loungin' Black
Sittin back count double digit thousand stacks
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Sittin back count double digit thousand stacks

[Verse 1: Nelly]
Got a bad bitch with me, she in the Valentino
Half black and Filipino I let her count casinos
Her under apple bottom all Lou and Sean John
A hundred on every arm, hundred more in my charm, tell 'em Puff

[Bridge: Diddy]
Let your mind, let your body and your soul go
It's alright, get your money stacked more dough, tell 'em Puff
Pick a day, get your girl, come and play
You know my motherfuckin' name
You know my motherfuckin' name

[Verse 2: Nelly]
How 'bout we hop in the Monte Carlo tomorrow
We'll ice the bottles in the ocean with the goggles
And act like you won the lotto
Lamborghini, Vergato my matchin' on the throttle
My motto is snatch, your motto with my latto is a lot

Insane my game is like James
Kobe or maybe Dwayne Wade
Fresh shades Alexander Mcclain's
Bottles of Rosay, some rockin OJ's, tell 'em Puff

[Bridge]
Let your mind, let your body and your soul go
It's alright, get your money stacked more dough, tell 'em Puff
Pick a day, get your girl, come and play
You know my motherfuckin' name
You know my motherfuckin' name

[Hook]
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks

Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
Tip back, tip back, tip back, tip back, tip back
Count double digit thousand stacks

[Verse 3: Nelly]
I kick in the door wavin' the fo fo
All you heard was derrty, don't hurt 'em no more
Well fuck that, I'm takin' my reign back
So take that, so take that, tell 'em Puff

[Bridge]
Let your mind, let your body and your soul go
It's alright, get your money stacked more dough, tell 'em Puff
Pick a day, get your girl, come and play, come on
You know my motherfuckin' name
You know my motherfuckin' name

[Verse 4: Nelly]
I pull up to the party Bacardi smokin' cigary
With the baddest little shawty
Cause shawty love to get naughty
Dollar after dollar you niggas might wanna holler

I'll cinch your lil doller out, did ya with a comma, hey
Keep time AP shine, we fly only in G5, she's fine
Yep she mine, puttin' the peace high hoppin' for BI

[Diddy]
Let your mind, let your body and your soul go
It's alright, get your money stacked more dough, tell 'em Puff
Pick a day, get your girl, come and play
You know my motherfuckin' name
You know my motherfuckin' name

[Hook]
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks

Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
Tip back, tip back, tip back, tip back, tip back
Count double digit thousand stacks

[Verse 5: Nelly]
Now watch ya wanna do, you fuckin' with a baller
A St Louis prowler you can hate me
She gonna fuck with me regardless
We be a flawless all this, tell 'em Puff

[Bridge]
Let your mind, let your body and your soul go
It's alright, get your money stacked more dough, tell 'em Puff
Pick a day, get your girl, come and play
You know my motherfuckin' name
You know my motherfuckin' name

[Verse 6: Nelly]
Stackin' papers contagious, buildin' paper skyscrapers
Stuntin' outrageous, comin' straight out the matrix
Hustle lil mommy countin' papers my hobby
Throw in up the tachycardia down the streets of Miami

My neck gold, the bling is real gold
It came rolled and made to hang low
And the bank roll is made to stay swoll
You ain't fold more paper than cringold

[Hook]
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
At last I'm literally loungin' Black
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks

Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
Tip back count double digit thousand stacks
Tip back, tip back, tip back, tip back, tip back
Count double digit thousand stacks, let's go[Hook 1: Nelly]
I am so faded, might put fifty on the ladies
100k tomorrow, money in the bag
I'm so faded, might put fifty on the ladies
100k tomorrow, money in the bag

[Verse 1: Nelly]
50k today a 100 more tomorrow
Hustle what I want man I'll forever ball
Money coming heavy never weigh a little
It's either high or low it's never in the middle
Ice buckets nigga for the gold ace
Big cash duffle bag with the gold lace
Heard a nigga say throw in the towel
Numbers speak the truth these niggas out here in denial

[Hook 2: Nelly]
I am so faded, 10,000 square feet gated
100k tomorrow, money in the bag
I'm so faded, might put fifty on the ladies
100k tommorrow, money in the bag

[Verse 2: Nelly]
50k today, 100k tommorrow
Rollie Sundays, Monday Audemar
Tuesday in the photo, Wednesday in the two door
Thursday's made for fucking Friday's back to getting you know
You in that right place again
Face not American, body saying African
Fuck you with an uppercut, baby that won't take a lot
50k today we running money like a marathon
Yo bread, yo bed, yo booty lights on
Her phone playing your music like your music our songs
Give her that banana clip most of all her clothes on
Beatin' on my chest went through the roof top

[Hook 1]

[Verse 3: 2 Chainz]
So dope you could snort every line
When it's reppin time, whe- when it's reppin time
Told her I take her shoppin' after we fuck
Soon after we fuck I had to tell her never mind
You wouldn't know swag if it slapped you in the face
This that macaroni tony A1 on the steak
And designer shoe laces, gold on the bracelets
Got her in the back seat balls on her braces
Photo grails full of money stacks
You a blocker and nigga I got a hundred sacks
Ya, this the luxury distribution
Up so early got me arguing with the rooster
Tru university is my institution
Niggas couldn't graduate if you had tutor
One thing for sure, two things for certain
My crib got blinds, my car got curtains

[Hook 1][Chorus]
Round and round and away we go (x2)
Four by four and away we go
High not low and away we go
Round and round and away we go
And away we go and away we go
Four by four and away we go
High not low and away we go

[Verse 1]
I'm a female rebel can't you tell?
Bang on the dashboard, just chipped a nail
Lean out the window that's when I yell
Driving so fast 'bout to piss on myself (x2)
Police want to get him and put him in jail
I'mma do whatever to get him his bail
Hooked on donuts and rooster-tails

[Pre-Chorus]
I'm in that passenger seat riding high in the air
And we're driving fast 'til we plumb out of gas, let's go

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I'm a female rebel, can't you see?
Riding around your backyard who could it be?
Pull out on the scene right out of the seat
Pumping his breaks to the sound of the beat
Pumping his breaks to the sound of the beat
He don't understand what he's doing to me
Deep down inside like a pitbull in heat
Someone's coming so we head for the streets

[Pre-Chorus + Chorus]

[Bridge]
It's 12 o'clock and I don't want to party
My big boyfriend and my big truck hobby
A little bit of dirt never hurt nobody
Now I got dirt all over my body
Might as well light a L
His big fog lights is bright as hell
Calls it off, he starts to yell
He hits the gas so I grab the rail

[Verse 3: Nelly]
Sure you want to ride with me?
If you scared don't lie to me
I'm a crazy motherfucker from the Midwest
With a Mississippi flow and an Arch rest
Four by four up the altar steps
We doing donuts underneath the arch, yes!
I need a chick on time don't mind being early
A ride-or-die down like six thirty
A straight-up chick like twelve o'clock
"I don't know where he at", that's what she tell the cops
Take a stand for a nigga, raise a hand for a nigga
"I solemnly swear he was with me all day"
To the judge, "he the one I love"
Hell they could tell, she don't even budge
Round and round we go
Don't stop 'til I tell you so

[Pre-Chorus + Chorus]

[Outro]
I'm a female rebel can't you tell can't you tell?
I'm a female rebel can't you tell can't you tell?( Miley Cyrus) Round and round and away we go
Round and round and away we go high not low and away we go{Ladies and Gentleman} {*echoes*}

[Intro: DJ Drama]
Drama, Mr. Thanksgiving
Jazze, we got one, big dawg~!
Pay attention, go~!
{*Diddy ad-libs throughout Intro*}

[Hook: Nelly]
I got 5000 ones, lookin' for the baddest bitch in the club
I'm lookin' for her (OH), I'm lookin' for her (OH)
I got 5000 ones when I see her pimp, I'm throwin' it up
I'm lookin' for her (OH), I'm lookin' for her (OH)

[T.I.]
See me when I walk in, ain't nothin' to it, brought ten stacks to the back, then threw it
Make it rain, ain't a thang, when it come to money I got it, man
You the next best thang, I'm the hottest, mayne, you talk that shit, I'm 'bout it, mayne
We way over here, up out your range, don't try to be G, that's not your thang
You try me G, that Glock gon' bang - K-I-N-G, that's not gon' change
I'm rich, bitch, I don't care about no fame, cause if all else fails, I got cocaine
Still see me all on TV wit it, still in da hood what ya need he get it
Dough low 44, see me with it, if a nigga runnin' up best believe he get it
See us in da club, nigga, we be trippin', niggas rap 'bout that shit we livin'
7 or 8 stacks on 2 or 3 bitches, sucka niggas over there hatin', we chillin'
I ran out of ones, so go back get more, say shawty, bend it over back, real slow
Jack dat ass up, grab that pole, show me you 'bout that action, ho

[Hook]

[Interlude]
Stacks so fat rubber bands can't hold
Stacks so fat rubber bands can't hold
Stacks so fat rubber bands can't hold it, no
They can't hold it, no, they can't hold it, no

[Yung Joc]
Eeenie, meenie, miny, moe
I'm lookin' for the direction this money 'bout to go
I'm 'bout to blow, we pop bottles
Me and the whole clique certified shot callers, blow top dollars
Got this bitch jumpin' off the chain like Rottweilers
5000 ones, throw 'em then stop
See I'm lookin' for the baddest bitch
Splurge for a second when I'm done you can have this bitch

[Willie The Kid]
5000, 10,000, 20 - ones in my hand, that's good money
Ones in my fan, we get money, she pop that thang, she get that
That money's fallin' like rain, I'm VIP that's champagne
I'm K-I-D do my thang, and yes, indeed, I got change
Or shall I say I got paper, stacked money tall as skyscrapers
Hater's you fly I fly paper, she pop that thang she get that
She make it hot like wasabi, look at that body on mommy
She probably stand right beside me, and I tsunami lil' mommy

[Hook]

[Young Jeezy]
They call me Young, my money long
I make it rain, now loose your thong
Now loose your bottoms, now loose your tops
You saw what I just spent, I could've bought a watch
I could've bought a car, maybe a couple bricks
I send my hood bitch the fifths on a shoppin' trip
5000 ones, ya you know young wit it
So high up in the air, she need a flight to go get it
Still Mr. Magic City, you know no replacements
This is what I do I got a pole in my basement
If I can make it to Onyx, I bring Onyx to the condo
Call lil' bro bring me 20 grand pronto

[Hook] + [Interlude]

[Twista]
It's the Twista and can't nobody hold him
The money the stacks that we makin' you can't fold 'em
Get love in the strip club
Gotta nigga feeling so freaky they askin' is you roamin'
Yeah, makin' it rain is automatic when
She's askin if you trickin' you got it
Pimpin' is a habit from Twista Magic City
And the muthafuckin' betta bet not bitch about it
Steady stackin' paper that's the reason we be throwin' it up
Dollas at the coke, they slang D
Really lil' momma all over DJ Drama
And T.I., Joc, and Nelly when we in da club
I'mma pop a couple of bottles
And I'mma start that good shit up
Got 5000 ones and I'm about to throw it up
Sip on some that Patron
I'mma 'bout put a hundred on one of them thongs
Gotta cup a lil' somethin' cause I pay the bill
Still money ain't shit, I make major deal
Better ring the alarm, here come the paper
Twista comin' in the club when I get I pop a lot
When she come up wit a fatty I gladly tip her
Jazze, tell 'em what I got

[Hook] + [Interlude][Hook]
It's 5 o'clock in the morning
Conversation got boring
You said you're going to bed soon
So I snuck off to your bedroom
And I thought I'd just wait there (uh)
Until I heard you come up the stairs (uhh)
I pretended I was sleeping (uhh)
And I was hoping you would creep in

Yeaa
O.E. (alright)
MO
12-24

It's 5 o'clock in the morning

And the streets are out
Came home just to hear your mouth
Ain't trying to run... hold up fuck you in the club
I was drunk as hell last night, matter of fact I'm still drunk
Baby please don't fight, got to get you off my chest
Baby came home now I am laying on your chest
Lay out this California king watch you making around my bed
I ain't trying to go away try to see you pull away
Try to open my eyes and say

It's 5 o'clock in the morning
Alone and you know you love me babe
When I am on you get the best o me baby
So I am standing on the other side of the mirror
Thinking about the shit that I did
Try to lock you up try to be no hater
Any nigga beside me make you feel better
Guess you wanna go
Please can you go when the sun come up and numbers say
It's 5 o'clock in the morning
Let me make it up for you call your momma she know that
I fuck with you cause she know that I get distracted
Just like your daddy did see he was there when he count it ..
I might do it every time
Since we on tha top of the time
Look at ya watch

[Hook]

It's 5 o'clock in the morning
Conversation got boring
You said you're going to bed soon
So I snuck off to your bedroom
And I thought I'd just wait there (uh)
Until I heard you come up the stairs (uhh)
I pretended I was sleeping (uhh)
And I was hoping you were creeping

It's 5 o'clock in the morning
Conversation got boring
You said you're going to bed soon
So I snuck off to your bedroom
And I thought I'd just wait there (uh)
Until I heard you come up the stairs (uhh)
I pretended I was sleeping (uhh)
And I was hoping

It's 5 o'clock in the morning[Intro: Emmanuel Hudson & Nelly]
Give me the mic
Cause clearly by your album sales you
Don't know what to do with it
Here we gone do it
How we gone do it?

[Hook 1: Black Squad & Nelly]
A, B, C, D, E, F, (G)
H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, (P)
Q, R, S, T, U, (V)
W, X, Y, (Z)
ABCD’
E.I. E.I. Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

[Verse 1: Emmanuel Hudson]
Okay. Okay!
Man, I really am MAD
Went to see my DOC
My girl, gave me STD
Thank god it wasn’t HIV, oh

[Hook 2]

[Verse 2: Timothy DeLaGhetto]
At first it was just you and I
Made you my X, you said why
Cause there are so many H.O.E.’s and
I’mma give ‘em the’ah “D”

[Hook 3]

[Verse 3: Lauren Flans]
The [x my dear], FYI
It’s your career
Better take off all your clothes
It’s getting H.O.T. in here

[Hook 4]

[Outro: Black Squad & Nelly]
Next time won’t you sing with me
Next time won’t you sing with me
ABCD'...[Intro: DJ Kay Slay]
Ay yo, it's DJ Kay Slay, the drama king
So this is what it comes down to, huh?
Y'all niggas think y'all 'bout that life?
Well it's time to show and prove
Fab, set it off!

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
Look, I terminate a bitch, like her name was Sarah Connor
Where I'm from, we never meet daddies; swear on mommas
I'm high fashion, so my Gucci reeks of marijuana
My shoes are killing them! I call these a pair of homi-cides
Put me in the passenger and I'mma ride, cause my mind is full of massacres
Killer verses, I lay 'em down and fill up hearses
You can't be the best without knowing who the worst is
Me and Kay a lot alike, we don't fake nothing
Thick bitches in my sheets, I be straight stunting
You got the wrong keys, I ain't who to start with
Rise of the apes, now who you monkeys getting smart with?

[Hook: T-Pain]
I'm bout that money, I'm bout that fetty
I'm down to get it by any means necessary
I'm bout that drama, I'm bout that strife
Now fuck with me or with my team and you gonna see
Bi-bi-bi-bitch I'm bout that life!
I-I-I'm go-going hard, go-going in
Tryna get what I can get before these people give me 25 to life
Now tell them hatin' ass niggas, that hatin' only makes you die quicker
Cause bitch I'm bout that life!

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
In love with the money, infatuated with coupes
Immaculate living, money stack up to my roof
The baddest of women, purse matchin' the boots
That's the half, you don't wanna see what's in that fuckin' bag
Pull it like a flip cam, first you aim it, then you fire
Penthouse smoker, nigga, I can't get no higher
Hella bad heroine in every bag she carry "O."
You niggas ain't getting money, fuck it and carry on
The biggest and the richest, fucking self made
Ricky Rozay and my nigga Kay Slay
Pound of purple green, 2 liter of pink Sprite.
I could flip a brick before a chick can blink twice!

[Hook: T-Pain]

[Verse 3: Nelly]
You know what? You don't like me, I don't give a fuck
Respect is like some money to me, I don't get enough!
Like I ain't put on the hardest city in America
St. Louis, and we ain't scared of ya
King of the drama, see him rollin' with the drama king
Yo Kay Slay, you want lil' momma from your magazine?
You know the one that's got a body like a cartoon
Ass like a whale 'til lil' durrty gotta harpoon
Woo! This stacking racks on racks
Go check my hallways mother fucker, plaques on plaques
These niggas lying a lot, I'm speaking facts on facts
My hotel room's infested durrty, rats on rats

[Hook: T-Pain]

[Verse 4: French Montana]
Looking at a dollar bill, saw the White House
Then I flipped a couple bills, bought a white house
Triple beam on a triple stack, triple back
Going back court like I dribbled back, simple fact
When that drop roller and that top fold up
Bitches going both ways like they're bipolar
Pop the ace Black Jack, ski mask, black mac
Hit the back of your head, turn your fitted to a snapback
Best of the greatest, bought the pussy and paid for maintenance
Waste of money, wack head, the bitch brainless
Word to Kay Slay, you niggas straight stuntin'
I be spending seven digits like it ain't nothin'

[Hook: T-Pain][Hook]
(I said) give me two pairs
(Cause) I need two pairs
(So I) can get to stompin' in my Air Force Ones
Big boys stompin' in my Air Force Ones

[Verse 1: Nelly]
I like the all-white, high-top strap with the gum bottom
There's somethin' bout 'em, now dirty that's why I got 'em
I leave 'em strapped and laced and come up out 'em
The last person that touched 'em I been shot 'em

[Verse 2: Kyjuan]
Now if you look, and see lime-green Forces; it's Kiwi
You couldn't get this color if you had a personal genie
You know I keeps it hip-hop; my niggas flip-flop
Yeah, my Force Ones in tip-top (me) now form a flip flops

[Verse 3: Ali]
Me? I like the limited edition, and khaki, and army green
Patent leather pin stripe you should see how I do the strings
Size twelve with the strap, red and white with a Cardinal cap
All flavors but it just depend on when and where I'm at

[Verse 4: Murphy Lee]
Don't get me wrong, man
And Murphy Lee ain't dumb, man
Cause if the shoe is on the shelf
You should have some, man
You can not sit up and tell me that you have none, man
You may not have three or four
But you got one, man (big boy)

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Murphy Lee]
We up in Foot Locker; I'm lookin' like I need those
Ten in a half and if you got 'em give me two of those
I can tell she never seen Murphy Lee befo'
Cause she's just standin there as if I'm shootin free throws
I said, "Excuse me miss I only wanna buy shoes"
She said, "I love you Murph especially in the white 'n blue"
I said, The white 'n blue sound nice make it twice"
And I signed an (yo) autograph (yo), "Thanks for the advice"

[Verse 6: Ali]
I keep it real dirty, dirty you know how I do
Purple in gold with the Lakers the Broncos the orange and blue
I like 'em floppy with ankle socks
Lows mids and high tops,  which are clear so
But this tims and fat laces with it is cold
But when the winter go (burrr) and the hot summer flow
Then it's back to the all purpose wit them lil' dots in the toe
Then I'm stopping this dough that I'm spending fa sho
On dem Nike Air Force, "NE" behind the "O"

[Verse 7: Kyjuan]
O-kay Lee, I treat my shoe like my ride
Chrome on the fat laces at what wood on the inside
Spray candy on the swoosh, with the electric roof
Since I put a kit on the sole, I got a wider shoe
You see that low-mid Skittle purple coupe I'm drivin in
(Kyjuan, were you getting dem colors, are you dyin them)
Ten is my size in dem, no point in tyin dem
Ain't no point in tryin these on, you know I'm buyin dem

[Verse 8: Nelly]
Now don't nothing get the hype on first site like, white on whites
Them three quarters, them lows, they all tight
The only problem they only good for one night
Cause once you scuff 'em you fucked up your whole night
What's my basis? The look on store owner's faces
This kid's outrageous, he's buyin them by the cases
Cause once I cop 'em gut 'em and switch the laces
They all purpose ya heard me kinda like my daytons

[Hook]

[Verse 9: Kyjuan]
I wore spurs at first now theres tape on dem
Damn, when those came out? So I write the date on them
These Louis Vuitton ones, you gotta wait on dem
I had to get em early so I spent more cake on dem

[Verse 10: Murphy Lee]
Look I'm tryin to keep it up like a one minute man
While Ali on the Kawasaki two head bands
Jewelry and all (wow) fish bowlin 'em all
(I got some fifteens) security buyin shoes and all

[Verse 11: Nelly]
Now some time I get em free some time I gotta pay
Walk in the mall and they now what I'm bout to say
Gimme the black and platinum, and leather gray
Ones in the back and (yo) the pair you got on display (check)

[Verse 12: Ali]
Now where da boxes where I keep mine (keep mine)
You should peep mine , (beep mine)
Maybe once or twice but never three times
I'm just a sneaker pro, I love pumas and shell toes
But can't nothin compare to a fresh crispy white pearl(Haha, hahahaha.. David Banner!)

[Hook One: St. Lunatics]
[Murphy] I said - give me two pairs
[Kyjuan] Cause - I need two pairs
[Ali] So I - can get to stompin in my Air Force Ones
[Nelly] Big boys - stompin in my Air Force Ones, I said

[David Banner - over Hook One]
You have now reached St. Louis
By the way of the mighty Mississippi
It's David Banner biatch, "Air Force Ones Remix"

[Hook Two 4X: David Banner] + (Sky)
I'm walkin in my Air Force Ones
(Tell me about them, you need them)
I'm walkin in my Air Force Ones
(Them Air Force, Ones) {"Big boys"}

[David Banner]
I got them Ones with the Gucci on the side, don't trip
It's the same as the seats off in my ride, raw hide
School or die, so I dipped it out - black, black
Big swooshes restin' on the 'Llac, dig that
No daps if you steppin on my Air Force Ones
I got Puerto Rican flags, I'll be Big Pun
Big boys, big bustas all look like me
Fuck around with Lavell I'll make ya read these like this
Bitch for fuckin with me
Man they turn nice guys by fuckin for free
Like blew me up, don't comin down cause he straight up a G
Man there's 3 o'clock girl, Nina POP for me
A straight pimp, yeah!

[Hook Two]

[Eightball]
Yo, big Ball comin through, look what Banner went and done
Big boys from the Lou', got me chokin on some bum
Walkin on clouds in my Air Force Ones
Make it loud, ain't no tellin what big Ball gon' come with
Bought a pair of kicks, every player gotta go and get
Fresh pair of tight whites, go with any outfit
Nelly where them hoes at? Shoot your boy somethin sick
Pretty face, red bone, talented with big lips
Man, we out the frame in this damn thang
Three country niggas linked together like a icy chain
Hit your town, blaze it up and burn it down
Big Ball straight from Memphis, keep it pimpin and I'm out

[Hook Two]

[Hook One]

[Nelly - over Hook One]
Uhh.. uhh, whattup Mo?
This here for e'rybody, knowhatI'msayin?
Tell that nigga J.T. I said whattup from the crooked letter

[Nelly]
Now I done heard they got them Forces down in Mississippi
I even heard down in Memphis dirty ballers hit me
He said it's on and poppin, cause he the fat mack
Girl, you heard what he said, go put that 'Gnac back back
You drinkin' Grey Goose, Pimp Juice combination combination
It's for any nigga whose city used to be a plantation
C'mon and stomp wit it, I said stomp wit it
Go on leave a hole in the flo', don't be no punk wit it
Call it a Derrty Entertainment thing, Ball and David Banner thang
'Pimp Juice', 'Like A Pimp', 'Space Age Pimpin'' thang
We hold it down for country folks, shit we in the same boat
Trip and get that Force One print on your throat
It's no joke {*echoes*}

[Hook Two]

[Nelly - over Hook Two]
Uh-oh, uh-oh, big boy
Uh-uh, oh-oh
Shout to Memphis, yeah.. oh!
Chi-Town, Mississippi, Cleveland
South Dakota, North Dakota, uh
South Carolina, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Indiana

[Hook One]

[Nelly - over Hook One]
I said stomp wit it, go 'head and stomp wit it
Go on leave a hole in the flo', don't be no punk wit it
I said stomp wit it, I said stomp wit it
Go on leave a hole in the flo', don't be no punk wit it

[Hook One]

[Nelly]
Hey, big boy
Yeah, David Banner, Eightball
We out lil' derrty, E.N.T.!

[Outro]
Big boy.. big boy.. big boy.. big boy.. big boy..[Chorus: Trey Songz]
There's no place I won't go
To find the one so beautiful
Just like the one I used to know
The one I used to know

All around the world, all around the world
I'd never find another you, baby!
All around the world, all around the world
In search of a girl so beautiful

[Verse 1: Nelly]
I've been around, I've been around the world
Have seen so many, many pretty girls
Been to Tokyo with no luck
I left France with no luck
Found nobody in Toronto like you
Seen a million pretty faces
Still ain't found one like yours
With a walk mean as yours
New bags, shoes couture
I've been a million different places
Still ain't found one like you
It's the little things you do
That make you so beautiful

[Chorus]

[Bridge: Trey Songz]
So tell me have you seen her?
The one I used to know?
Tell me have you seen her?
The one...

[Verse 2: Nelly]
I've been to so many cities looking for you girl
L.A. to London
I can't find nobody nothing like you girl
And ain't that something?
Left St. Louis with no luck, Paris with no luck
I found nobody in Chicago like you
Seen a million different faces
Still ain't find one like yours
With a walk mean as yours
New shades,  clothes couture
I've been a million different places
Still ain't found one like you
It's the little things you do
That make you so beautiful
And there's

[Chorus + Bridge]

[Verse 3: Trey Songz]
Baby girl where you hiding?
Guess I'll have to come find ya
I'm the only one you need
Girl let me just remind ya
I've been around, been around the world
And I still ain't find, I still ain't find my girl

[Chorus][Nelly]
Listen
Shit just ain't the same
When you slide through (Whoa)
I get distracted every time you in my view (Yeah)
Plus I hear you kinda single right now boo (True)
And I got a perfect spot for a tattoo (Oh)
I get ya name more than once if I have to (Yeah)
Me and you a better classic than Bayou
Cause I got a few places you can fly to
Bring ya partners cause you know I'm bringin' my crew
(Yeah)

[Brian McKnight]
Girl don't you walk on by
We're not leavin' one more time
Shorty's got her back to me
Show me what you got for me
Watch you move from side to side
Lick your lips then close your eyes
Like something from a fantasy
Good for you and good for me girl

So we can talk about the things you want (Talk about the things want)
Or we can talk about the things you like
Girl I don't just talk to hear my lines
You've heard it all a thousand times girl
And we can talk about taking it slow (Takin' it slow)
And we can talk about taking our time
Girl how can I get you in my ride
Who's gonna drive you home tonight?

Baby let me love you (Baby let me love you)
All night long (All night long)
All night long (All night long)
Baby let me please you (Let me please you, yeah)
All night long (All night long)
All night long (Mmm hmmm)

We can take a ride in my ride
We can get it on outside
Hit it of like 1-2-3
The moon and stars is all we need
Then we can take it back to my crib
We don't have to say that we did
No one knows that we just met
What you see is what you get

So we can talk about the things you want (Talk about the things want)
Or we can talk about the things you like
Girl I don't just talk to hear my lines
You've heard it all a thousand times girl
And we can talk about taking it slow (Takin' it slow)
And we can talk about taking our time
Girl how can I get you in my ride
Who's gonna drive you home tonight

Baby let me love you (Baby let me love you)
All night long (All night long)
All night long (All night long, yeah yeah)
Baby let me please you (Let me please you)
All night long (All night long)
All night long

Oh baby whenever you say
We can be out
I'm not in a hurry Ma
But we can go now
There's so many ways
We can get down
I'm gonna give all the lovin' to ya
Oh girl

[Nelly]
I wanna be your stability
Physically finance and mentally
If willing
I'll be fulfilling anything you reveal to me
Like ya fantasies
Ya dreams
Peaches and cream
You name it
You pick
I lick
That's the thing
Time don't mean a damn thing in this case
So unplug the clocks
And close the drapes
I got it all planned out
Me and you goin'
Until we both scream ouch
We both pass out

So we can talk about the things you want (Talk about the things want)
Or we can talk about the things you like
Girl I don't just talk to hear my lines
You've heard it all a thousand times girl
And we can talk about taking it slow (Takin' it slow)
And we can talk about taking our time
Girl how can I get you in my ride
Who's gonna take you home tonight

Baby let me love you (Baby let me love you)
All night long (All night long)
All night long (All night long, yeah yeah)
Baby let me please you (Let me please you)
All night long (All night long)
All night long

Baby let me love you (We can be out)
All night long (Hurry Ma, but we can go now)
All night long
Baby let me please you (We can get down)
All night long
All night long[Hook x2: Nelly]
Yo it be I man, fuckin it up for errbody
I can't lie man, they thought I was just gettin started
Peep the pie man, its the american dream
I'm just participatin, my participation is game

[Nelly]
I'm makin this one for the hotel, motel, Holiday Inns
Super 8, Red and the Ritz Carlton's
All my niggas that tryin to ball, my niggas ballin
All my soldiers and generals, errbody fall in
Stop stallin, pick up the phone and call in
Tell your boss you ain't gon make it to work in the mornin
And while you explainin go head and throw a cough in
And kindly explain that this won't happen often
But I'm long and I'm amazed, I'm be willin then dazed
I rage that niggas think that derrty don't need a cage
I should be put on display, for the display I'm displayin
Half you niggas is dyin and all the rest are decayin
I'm doin tracks in hotels steady rockin girls bells
Kinda like a young L residin in Nellyville
I never squeal, not the type to kiss and tell
But if I catch ya in the shower I might kiss ya tail

[Hook x2: Nelly]
Yo it be I man, fuckin it up for errbody
I can't lie man, they thought I was just gettin started
Peep the pie man, its the american dream
I'm just participatin, my participation is game

[Ali]
Now as I bounced off, Kyweezy writin movies
Slo done took that mask off
Mo's the leader what do ya know, Murph run his ass off
I got every whip, derrty even got a Nascar
And you know we fucked up at his house
Ayo my rain on weed, naps and Japanese
Clap at g's, smack 'em back on they knees
Drop on wack, simple facts that rap needs
And its always Christ-a-mas and wrap trees
And I got my game, I said I got my game from the OG's
Smokin reefer, moonshine pumpin OD's
Bought a old plain chain, yeah you know me
Shipped in from Cali got it home, cops'll know these
Yo we smashed the summer
We oughta recoup, call NASA to do the numbers
All the friendship on the vocals started fire in the booth
Got more whips and chains than amastad and russe

[Kyjuan]
Ali I'm sicka ballin, unnecessary phone callin
Man down, pimp in distress I think I'm fallin
For anything but the okey doke
I'm old school like her and bones and nooky ropes
I can't stand no groupie folks
They want me to turn around like this is hokey poke
They wanna bring me down like Irv before I choked
I'm not a joke at all, I'm Quick-Draw-McGraw
And number 20 on the Lakers couldn't hold me yall
I'm climbin over yall, I'm still scorin
85 percenta yall awake but still snorin
Got knowledge of self and now my style is much older now
We Derrty Ent., We all we got we hold it down
I'm feelin cooler than cool, my wrist cold and wild
If theres a fashion king then I deserve the crown
I'm U-City, you dressin up I'm dressin down
And you keep messin up, me and your girl gon be messin

Around

[Hook x2: Nelly]
Yo it be I man, fuckin it up for errbody
I can't lie man, they thought I was just gettin started
Peep the pie man, its the american dream
I'm just participatin, my participation is game

[Murphy Lee]
Ayo I'm fresh out the gate
From the Lou with a Grammy in my resi'
Nelly bought me a presi' with a diamond in the besi'
Tics taught me how to walk so when I run I be ready
Female fans sayin that I'm they baby daddy
Whoa more attention than Justin and Janet
How I Midwest Swang and how I St. Louis Ram it
Derrty Ent. damnit, got more bread than a samich
And my wrist got more nuggets than Carmelo and Camby
Look, I'm from the Lou and I'm important like the Arch
So tourists look for me like an important part shoot
Find your talent, use your talent get your money
Or don't find your talent and don't use it and stay bummy
But that ain't on me cuz we built it from scratch
My neck shit is a house witha house in the back
Man I been wild since middle school, I was that little dude
That been around more waist lines than hula hoops[Intro]
(This, is, Derty E-N-T, Bassment Beat Productions)
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, sing that shit!

[Hook: Nelly]
Oh! You can search in the gutter down low
You can even wait 'til the mountain comes down
And if you wanna wait 'til the river runs dry
But you'll never find another one
You can search around the whole damn globe
Search from in the North, to the East, Westside
I bet your bottom dime
No matter what you do, you'll never find another one

[Nelly]
Hey yo this chronic got me to', I try to shake it and break it
Thinkin it won't go, I went to see the doctor
X-rays it won't show, I even wrapped myself up in blankets
Just like a cold cause I'm so sick-wid-it
It just happened on a song, I feel it in my eyes
My urrs and in my nose, my fingers and my toes
Translated into flows, man rap gon' need a facelift
I'm just so hungry I can taste it
Imagine me up in the sto', somewhere behind the counter
Pushin buttons on the drawer, like doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
Chk-chicka, here you go, please come another day
I waited a lot of winter days and summer nights to rock the mic
City locked down, right before me and the other 'Tics went down
You fuckin right it went down
Fuckin right I drink Crown, fuckin right we move crowds
It's a Derty E-N-T thang, want ya pretty sweet thang

[Hook]

[Nelly]
I said I like the way you do that right thurr - uh
You just remember why you do that right thurr - uh
I made it tight to be country, they thought country was bummy
Until country start makin money, now they all in Kentucky
Oklahomas and Nashvilles, they givin out record deals
(They eventually had their shot) man they been had skills
But leave it up to Moses, cause he gon' lead us out
I made the world accept on how we speak and how we shout
I started that whassup dirty, that dirty how ya doin
I let the dirty go up and now niggas runnin through it
Huh, that's why I did it - mayne, just don't forget it - mayne
The whole world know I killed it but I still get acquited - mayne
I'm a thoroughbred, with some thorough bread
I got a thorough chick waitin with some thorough head
I'mma pro model, I'm fitted for the new era ranks
I should move to Bel-Air the way I fill up banks

[Hook]

[Nelly]
I take a pair of black nines and I'm - the man
I said a pair of black nines make 'em - jump man
I push your wig from the back to the - front man
Just cause I'm peaceful don't mistake me for no - punk man
Shit I'mma come clean, I should sleep on the triple beam
I'm too damn dope nigga to hang around fiends
Plus a team, playa, I never play the team
Cause even if I win, we all gettin rings
We all gon' bling whether I rap or sing
Matter of fact, I should hit a note now just for the hell of it
Ohhhhhhh-e-ohh, HOE, ohhhhhhh-oh, oh
I'm a muh'fucka, a motherfucker muh'fucka
Have my son daddy uncle newphew brother muh-fucka
I'mma low pro arsenal, and you can ask
SoundScan or ASCAP if you doubtin yo

[Hook] - 2X(Rasheeda)
ATL to STL, on them things and crunk as hell
Your system blast, then let it bump
Spark the L and raise it up

Fifteens in my shit, you know it's gon' bump
Nelly ridin shotgun, nigga, pass the blunt
We into what-ever, and keepin it crunk
Got twenty-inch BB's on my white Benz truck
Aw shit, we done did it again
From ATL to the new, but still breakin 'em in
Playin to win, fire hot, burnin ya skin
Platinum hit number two, y'all made me do it again
This Rasheeda, I'm ridin niggas through the dirty
From Old ??? to Cambleton flippin birdies
Bendin and swervin, I got this muthafucka turnin
Threw up the double R, heard the sirens, kept it burnin

(Hook-Rasheeda & Nelly)
ATL to STL (we ridin)
On them things and crunk as hell (we ridin)
Your system blast then let it bump (we ridin)
Spark the L and raise it up (we ridin)

(Nelly)
I'm 'bout to pull up in the ATL, eighteen inches and five screens
Old folks on the side and they reachin for Visine
Five bitches right behind me, more flashin than high beams
Like, (Nelly, where you goin, can I go?), by all means
Keep the door open, drivin the ave, mami get in
Matter fact, don't ya come without, whoo, bringin ya friends
One shotgun, three in the back, one on my lap
What's the outcome, we in the sack like Warren Sapp
Open ya mouth hun, "we don't do that", don't give me that
Why ya tongue done, say "aaaaahh", fuck it, that's what I thought
I was peepin that since the first time I saw ya
Timed ya walk from therr (there) to the time I parked
So keep ya one eye open for the haters that gawk
But still thugged out, candy coated and thugged out
Real stud guy, blink, now the guns out
I'm a show you what that A-T-S-T-L is about, dirty

(Hook)

(Rasheeda)
I love wood grain and, tinted, painted, and dusted out
Threw on some new shoes, drop the top and skated out
Then I hit the block, non stop, numero uno
Iced up, platinum bitch, breakin niggas to the zero
Call me the hero, better yet, the lieutinent
Takin charge of the game, best believe I'm gon' win it
See, it ain't no thing for me to put it down
You jumpin out your draws for this bitch from down south
Now put 'em up, and throw your hands in the air
Now tip the cup, like you just don't care
Stepped in the club, with my niggas from the D-Low
We keep this thing crunk and droppin bows on them hizzoes

(Hook)[Intro]
Excuse me I'm taking to you, hey
Girl, I just want to talk to you for a minute...Ow

[Verse 1]
Manolo pumps is tapping and your lips stick's red
(we're just eye fucking, eye fucking)
Your Louis purse and I just think I love your hair
(we're just eye fucking, eye fucking)
Meet me in the hallways where the bathrooms are
(we're just eye fucking, eye fucking)
Can you drive a stick I wanna know I'll be your car
(woo)

[Hook]
I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (baby)
Are you by your self tonight, I wanna touch you (baby)
I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (baby)
Excuse me I'm talking to you, hey

[Verse 2]
I can imagine having my arms around your back
(we're just eye fucking, eye fucking)
And I can imagine your heart beat pumping through your chest
(we're just eye fucking, eye fucking)
I hope it goes beep beep, beep beep, beep beep, hey (ooh girl)
Beep beep, beep beep
Excuse me I'm talking you, hey

[Hook]
I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (baby)
Are you by your self tonight, I wanna touch you (baby)
I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (baby)
Excuse me I'm talking to you, hey

[Verse 3 - Nelly]
As I look through the crowd of the pupils into ya pupils
Yeah boo I see you too
Damn right I wanna do you too
In ya eyes I can tell what you thinking
Why ain't we somewhere hot for the weekend
Seafood eatin', I heard you like Red Lobster
You the type might like to sun bathe
Jump off the yacht and jet ski the runway
I give it to you like (uhh)
Wanna moan and scream out (baby)
Do the things that will make you say (uhh)
Damn right I spoils my (baby)
It ain't nothing to me I'm (uhh)
Billion dollar boy type (baby)

[Bridge]
Girl you ain't gotta close your eyes or wish real hard
Or click your heels (your heels)
I can make everything that you feel be real (yeah)

[Hook]
I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (baby)
Are you by your self tonight, I wanna touch you (baby)
I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (baby)
Excuse me I'm talking to you, hey

[Outro, Pharrell ad-lib]
Can I splash you with uh, champagne
Um, you wanna roll up a 100 dollar bill and use it as a straw
Bye baby[Sticky Fingaz]
Yo, don't let nobody else up in this booth

[Hook: 1]
I see nothing but gangstas up in herre
I see nothing but ballers up in herre
I see nothing but dope stacks up in herre
I see nothing but flossers up in herre

[Bridge: 1]
(Ahh yea) we gon' mash it up
If you ladies want war we gon' blast it up
If you bitches got bling go flash it up
R.A.M Squad, Universal gon stack it up (ahh yeah)

[Verse: Nelly]
You can catch me in the packed night life, nigga posted up
Or at the bar with some broad, nigga toastin' it up
Any you open mouth niggas I'm a close it up
Anybody wanna buy, gotta boast it up
I put a T.V. in every head, rest our own
I left a tattoo of Nelly, err plus I was on
It's to the point, I can't even get no rest at home
Damn, how many times can a nigga change his form
Yeah I left with five bitches but I came alone
Half you niggas couldn't do it if you became my clone
Best let me run my game
Cause y'all gon' know my name when I bust that thang (oh Nelly!)
I pack Sally in the club, I need more 'Cris miss
Niggas pissed in the club, like who the fuck is this?
Country nigga and his bitch tryin' to take our shine
I takin' yours I'm just expandin' mine aiight

[Hook: 2]
I see nothing but gangstas up in here
I see nothing but ballers up in here
I see nothing but dope stacks up in here
I see nothing but flossers up in here

[Verse: RAM Squad]
I'm in the jet like diamonds (diamonds) shinin' (shinin')
Twenties on the S-Tank system bombin'
Rocks off the chain man, been grindin'
Ball' till my knees spaz, stash for the new Jag
I'm in now, win now, money to lend my friends now
I been in doubt, bend down, down underground
When I pop up spray relms, in and out of town for white ice
But I ain't flint true downs
I'm platinum bound, gon' through plus stacks
Rugged like the motherfuckin' nigga named Max
Big Benz, big crib, big spendin' it up
Big ballin' ass nigga from the end of the Dub, c'mon

[Bridge: 2]
(Ahh yea) Aight, we gon' mash it up
I'm in the 69' Rolls, nigga gas it up
Anything on the road, I'm a pass it up
80 inches, four screens, sskurit, crash it up

[Verse: RAM Squad]
Bitches start hound
Y'all 'bout to hear me shine
If I don't sign back to quarters with dimes
I'm, nothin' but a baller 'till the day that I die
I'm a live my life of crime

[Verse: Sticky Fingaz]
I'm thug, I'm around the clock
Hopped out the spot lyin' around the block
Stay long enough to find a shorty dead on the rocks
No security, I'm greeting you with pounds and Glocks
Hennesy straight in the glass hold the ice
I'm unpredictable my life is like a roll of dice
Got bitches heads turning like the poltergiest
Except they ain't gold diggers they want diamonds now
Its guns, bitches, and weed when I'm in town
Yo son your man wildin' better calm him down
Beat him with the handle and turn him to a vegetable
And it only (it's the remix) took one man to fuck it up for the rest of y'all

[Verse: RAM Squad]
Ball out like Stoudamire
Wave back hairs dry like urban fire
Blue faced, hard fame, like rocky rider
We out in St.louis like Mark McGwire
Twist snips spit fire like a toned barreta
Millionaire in the ring rock the gold umbrella
Got the cream cheese and chedda', mozzarella
Toothed out all of y'all, livin' the betta'
Push keys in the hood call me Mr. C
Heavy neck with the bling like Mr. T
Seen Nelly's blue truck so I copped the V
Paid my way out of court so I copped a plea
Now my slang like Onyx, puff on chronic
Hear my voice, hooked on phonics
Everybody want to be a baller, now
Wanna be a big shot, shotcaller, now

[Hook: 2] [Bridge: 2] (2x)[Sports personalities]
Welcome ladies and gentlemen
This is Mark... oh-Who-gives-a-fuck from '93 TV
This is my co-host, Bob Buttafuoco
(Hey hey guys) Yeah yeah yeah
We got a crowd that's in a frenzy Bob
Let's go down to the announcers for the start of the game

[Stadium announcer]
And now.. please rise for the singing of our national anthem

Hook: (paraphrasing "The Jeffersons")

Mmm.. I say the fish don't fry in the kitchen
Beans don't burn on the grill (that's right)
It took a whole lot of tah-ryin
Just to get up that hill
I said but now we're up in the BIG LEAGUES
My dirty it's our turn at bat
And just as long as we livin, it's Lunatics playa
It ain't nuttin wrong with that, huh - batter up

[Ali]
.. I'm the first to swing
Home run with that give-me-what-you-got thing, hot wings
Fuck a dub, smoke an ounce, show me love
Hit the club, me and T-Luv holla what
I put my mack down, she throw a curve ball
She owed Milli smoked that herb and some Llly-bone
She tip-top 'em, Optimo
First base, god livin like a worst race
First chase, throw yo' people and yo' kind
Second lesson, smoke that herb and clear yo' mind
It's about time, second base wisdom rhyme
Sittin strong, skipped third base and headed home
Third baseman just don't understand baby what the bong
What the fuck wrong, with this world today
With these girls today, diamonds and pearls the way
You wasn't fuckin with me, leave, for the wrap that's in my seed
Now you stays on yo knees cause we's be in the big league
Cause we's be in the big leauge

Hook

[Nelly]
Well you should see me now, I'm eatin Wheaties now
I'm stealin' second and third, lookin' home gettin' greedy now
See me now, people call me speedy now
Known for runnin the quickest miles
Hit and run in any town, any ground
Rules 'fore I hit it, split it, lick it and quit it
And hit it, lick it, did I say lick it, (yeah) fuck it, lick it
Ain't no shame in my game, that normal shit ain't my thang
If I think with my dick then put your mouth on my brain
I maintain through the atmosphere, what we got here
A sucka in fear, hear the roars and the cheers
From the crowd when I take the mile, let me show 'em how
Hit the ball on the ground and make 'em get down

Hook

[Sports personalities]
Well uhh this next young batter on deck
He's still in high school (yeah I heard that)
(It's a great day though)
A good high school out in U-City of St. Louis, Missouri
(I think his name's umm, who knows..
Mur-uhh, Murphey Lee or somethin)

[Murphey Lee]
I want my name not, not said but screamed
I went from fantasies to dreams, dreams to bigger things
I'm like Bennett I been in it since, ninety-three
You can tell cause my L angle 90 degrees
I'mma sixteen year-old school boy, platinum skills
Swear to tell the real, the whole real to make a mill'
I lie little but still, talk straight up like motto
I could tell you somethin now, you think twice about it tomorrow
I promise, I gets deeper than file cabinets when rappin
Money, money, money, money what's happenin
I'm comin up like family members in basements, and I stay bent
Make a milli to play with, buy a building you can pay me
And the 'tic is who I came with
You know how we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do

Hook

[Sports personalities ad libbing]Hands up now {*repeat 14X*}

[Hook: Nelly]
Mmmmmm, I'm from where they cook the work in the kitchen (in the kitchen)
Why you think we rock these platinum gold grills (gold grills)
It take a whoooole lot of gr-indin
To put the Daytons on that Cadillac DeVille (well alright!)
I say but now we're up in the BIG LEAGUES
St. Louis, y'all up at bat (uh-huh)
And just as long as we livin (what about it) it's Lunatics playa
Derrty E.N.T., we all we got - ohh, batter up!

[Ali]
Check check.. I'm the lead-off batter
Shootin dice in the dugout, they gon' walk me, it don't matter
Movin up the ladder, Derrty E.N.T. we came fatter
They think my bat quicker, they check it every time it shatter
(Skerr-ERRRT!) She threw a knuckleball
The rookie ran down for one, I walked down and fucked 'em all
I keep it mellow, she one-point-five, I'm Cigarello
First base, Chocolate Tai come move the place

[Chocolate Tai]
Now who the hell left the gate open cause it stayed open
These haters prayin and hopin that it's not Chocolate
Don't pop the verses, I pop a lot
PULL UP SLOWWWWW! Pop a drop and still got fans in my five for naught
Been in the game for a minute, always represent it
Cocoa tenants, so-so Dior's in it - ooh gotta love her
Miss Loiusville slugga, try to tag, I can't touch ya
For her, DEA they tryin hard to fuck her

[Hook]

[King Jacob]
Yo, c'mon... as I approach the plate
My approach is great, 34 I'm fat, I'm holdin weight
Known for extra bases, got them extra cakes and pies
Throw 'em in extra basements, get them straight to go by ride
Heat don't wear me out, so that's cool, I doubled up
That mean the Benz get bubbled-up and your friends can come and stuff
I got bad nerves, no patience, up and stealin third
Nigga pass the word, Derrty E.N.T., fuck what you heard
Most my niggas foul, cookin off the mans now
If I can make it home again I'd give my hat to the crowd
They in the stands cheerin loud, once the King takes up the scope
Anticipatin for mo', intoxicated the flows
My derrties make hits for sho' so I ain't stranded no mo'
You gotta be drunk, mad full of dope thinkin we handin it over
If I ain't, passin the doja, and addin the dough up
That mean it's, guess I'mma load up, see yo' ass in the hole up - KING

[Tru]
Yeah, and I couldn't wait to swing
With more blow than George Young on a Chinese bing
I'm a 16-year old drug dealer, with brick skills
That's where they sell it all, I'mma ball and make a mil'
You can see me now, I got them treaties now
I got them ounces and birds, I'm on the curb gettin greedy now
No shame in my 'caine - bakin soda, ain't my thang
Put your mouth on this pipe, and go and blow out your brain
I got that +Base+ like Rob, hit it your face throb
Shitty shark jumpin out the entourage like the mob
Move bricks like a demolitionist, never miss a hit
First round draft pick, money stretch long like elastic
Jack Frost put it in plastic
Hit the bricks, the shit flip quick, like gymnastics
Platinum and the gold grills, big ol' wheels
It's Taylor Made, Derrty Entertainment, Nelly what the diz-eal?

[Hook]

[Prentiss Church]
Ahhhh I wanna hit somethin, rip somethin, stick somethin
Pants saggin in my battin stance, set and ready - SWING, the pitch comin!
Double up like Ozzy do, halves, fifties and boppers too
We robbin you like over-the-wall grabs and how are you (safe!)
And I can stone on you, umpires tryin to throw me out
Fuck the game he don't know me, I'll show him what I'm all about
S-T-L-O-U-I-S; e'rrrrybody like "You the best"
That's why I got the Derrty medallion with diamonds on my chest
They got me playin center, and yup I'm still the center of attention
The gun to most niggas in this division
I got a rifle of an arm, I'm skinny but I perform
I'm calm but still slept on like "Ring the Alarm"
Two corns on my big toe, lil' toe nail gone
I'm runnin through the catcher, whatever, to get the hell home
Well-known, line drive, head gone, headstrong
Derrty E.N.T. get in that ass - so you can head home

[Hook]

[Nelly]
Well you should see me now, white Lambourghini now
Ain't really got nowhurr to park it but funk it, I got it anyhow
Only thing left for me to do is to "Dream of Jeanie" now
Smokin gabrini greenie now - but I ain't shy
I'mma go with white socks, and burrs on my team
I used to cut it, cook it, and place it - then purrs on the Beam
Used to slang that coke-y like Sammy Sosa
I would tell ya more but I ain't supposed ta

[Murphy Lee]
I want my name not, not said but screamed
Cause I finally seen "my dream" like Martin Luther the King
My pockets fat cause I been eatin since, '99
Put rhymes between fine lines, time to shine
I'm a 20 year-old silly dude, wit a Derrty deal
The biggest problem I got is gettin the spinners for my sturring wheel
I'm in the Coupe DeVille, left side in the back seat
Front seat be the good weed, back seat be the ass cheeks

[Hook]

[Nelly]
Uhh... swing batter batter, swing if you wanna hit now BATTER UP!
Uhh... swing batter batter, swing if you wanna hit now BATTER UP!