[Part 1: Pound Cake, Produced by Boi-1da, Matthew Burnett, and Jordan Evans]

[Intro: Jimmy Smith]
Good God Almighty. Like back in the old days. You know, years ago they had the A&R men to tell you what to play, how to play it and you know whether it's disco and rock but we just went in the studio and we did it. We had the champagne in the studio, of course, compliments of the company, and we just laid back and did it. So we hope you enjoy listening to this album half as much as we enjoyed playing it for you. Because we had a ball. Only real music is gonna last, all the other bullshit is here today and gone tomorrow...

[Hook: Timbaland]
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all

[Verse 1: Drake]
After hours of Il Mulino
Or Sotto Sotto, just talkin' women and vino
The contract like '91 Dan Marino
I swear this guy Michael Rapino's boosting my ego
Overly focused, it's far from the time to rest now
Debates growin' 'bout who they think is the best now?
Took a while, got the jokers out of the deck now
I'm holdin' all the cards and niggas wanna play chess now
I hear you talking, say it twice so I know you meant it
Fuck it, I don't even tint it, they should know who's in it
I'm authentic, real name, no gimmicks
No game, no scrimmage, I ain't playin' with you niggas at all
My classmates, they went on to be chartered accountants
Or work with their parents, but thinkin' back on how they treated me
My high school reunion might be worth an appearance
Make everybody have to go through security clearance
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn
With the ink I could murder, word to my nigga Irv
Yeah, I swear shit just started clickin' dog
You know it's real when you are who you think you are

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
I had Benzes 'fore you had braces
The all-black Maybach but I'm not a racist
Inside's whiter than Katy Perry's face is
Yellow diamonds in my Jesús
I just might learn to speak Mandarin
Japanese for the yen that I'm handlin'
International Hov, that's my handle
My saint's Changó, light a candle
El Gran Santo on the mantle
Case y'all didn't know, I speak Spanish too
Shout out to World Wide Wes
Everywhere we go, we leave a worldwide mess
Yes, still Roc La Familia
Says a lot about you if you not feelin' us
The homies said "Hov, it ain't many of us"
I told 'em less is more niggas, plenty of us

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jay Z]
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, cake
500 million, I got a pound cake
Niggas is frontin', that's upside-down cake
Get 'em a red nose, they clown cakes
They shoulda never let you 'round cake
Look at my neck, I got a carrot cake
Now here's the icin' on the cake
Cake, cake-cake, cake-cake, uhh
I'm just gettin' started, oh, yeah, we got it bitch
I've done made more millionaires than the lotto did
Dame made millions, Biggs made millions
Ye made millions, Just made millions
Lyor made millions, Cam made millions
Beans'a tell you if he wasn't in his feelins
I'm back in my bag
My eyes bloodshot but my jet don't lag
A pair of Jordan 3's tryna chase this cash
Gucci air bag just in case we crash
Uh, last night was mad trill
I'm fresh out of Advil, Jesus grab the wheel

[Part 2: Paris Morton Music 2, Produced by Detail]

[Verse 1: Drake]
Look, fuck all that "Happy to be here" shit that y'all want me on
I'm the big homie, they still be tryna lil bro me, dog
Like I should fall in line, like I should alert niggas
When I'm 'bout to drop somethin' crazy and not say I'm the greatest
Of my generation, like I should be dressing different
Like I should be less aggressive and pessimistic
Like I should be way more nervous and less dismissive
Like I should be on my best behavior and not talk my shit
And do it major like the niggas who paved the way for us
Like I didn't study the game to the letter
And understand that I'm not doin' it the same
Man, I'm doing it better
Like I didn't make that clearer this year
Like I should feel, I don't know, guilty for saying that
They should put a couple more mirrors in here
So I can stare at myself
These are usually just some thoughts that I would share with myself
But I thought "Fuck it"
It's worth it to share 'em with someone else other than Paris for once
I text her from time to time, she a mom now
I guess sometimes life forces us to calm down
I told her she could live with me if she need to
I got a compound but I think she's straight
Cause she supported since Hot Beats right before Wayne came
And got me out of the back room where I was rapping with Jas over beats that I shouldn't have in the hopes for the glory
He walked right past in the hallway
Three months later, I'm his artist
He probably wouldn't remember that story
But that shit stick with me
Always couldn't believe when he called me
You never know, it could happen to you
And I just spent four Ferraris all on a brand new Bugatti
And did that shit cause it's somethin' to do
Yeah, I guess that's just who I became, dog
Nothing was the same, dog[Intro - Wu-Tang movie dialogue]
A game of chess is like a swordfight;
You must think first before you move
Toad style is immensely strong and immune to nearly any weapon;
When it's properly used it's almost invincible

[Verse 1: U-God]
Raw I'mma give it to ya, with no trivia
Raw like cocaine straight from Bolivia
My hip-hop will rock and shock the nation
Like the Emancipation Proclamation
Weak MC's approach with slang that's dead
You might as well run into the wall and bang your head
I'm pushing force, my force you're doubting
I'm making devils cower to the Caucus Mountains

[Verse 2: Inspectah Deck]
Well I'm a sire, I set the microphone on fire
Rap styles vary, and carry like Mariah
I come from the Shaolin slum, and the isle I'm from
Is coming through with nuff niggas, and nuff guns
So if you wanna come sweating, stressing contesting
You'll catch a sharp sword to the midsection
Don't talk the talk, if you can't walk the walk
Phony niggas are outlined in chalk
I'm mad vexed, it's what the projects made me
Rebel to the grain there's no way to barricade me
Steamrolling niggas like a eighteen wheeler
With a drunk driver driving, there's no surviving

[Verse 3: Raekwon the Chef]
Rough like Timberland wear, yeah
Me and the Clan in 'Yota Landcruisers out there
Peace to all the crooks, all the niggas with bad looks
Bald heads, braids, blow this hook
We pack chrome Tecs, nickel plated Macs
Black Ac's, drug dealing styles in phat stacks
I only been a good nigga for a minute though
Cuz I got to get my props, and win it yo
I got beef wit commercial-ass niggas with gold teeth
Lamping in a Lexus eating beef
Straight up and down don't even bother
I got forty niggas up in here now, who kill niggas fathers

[Hook: Method Man]
My peoples are you with me where you at?
In the front, in the back killa-bees on attack
My peoples are you with me where you at?
Smoking meth hitting cats on the block with the gats

[Verse 4: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Here I go, deep type flow
Jacques Cousteau could never get this low
I'm cherry bombing shits... BOOM
Just warming up a little bit, vroom vroom
Rappining is what's happening
Keep the pockets stacked and then, hands clap and then
At the party when I move my body
Gotta get up and be somebody!
Grab the microphone put strength to the bone
DUH DUH DUH...enter the Wu-Tang zone
Sure enough when I rock that stuff
Huff? Puff? I'm gonna catch your bluff tuff
Rough, kicking rhymes like Jim Kelly
Or Alex Haley I'm a Mi-..Beetle Bailey rhymes
Coming raw style, hardcore
Niggas be coming to the hip-hop store
Coming to buy grocery from me
Trying to be a hip-hop MC
The law, in order to enter the Wu-Tang
You must bring the Ol' Dirty Bastard type slang
Represent the GZA, Abbot, RZA, Shaquan, Inspectah Deck
Dirty Ol' getting low wit his flow
Introducing, the Ghost..face.. Killah!!
No one could get iller

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Ghostface Killah]
Speaking of the devil psych, no it's the God, get the shit right
Mega trife, and yo I killed you in a past life
On the mic while you was kicking that fast shit
You reneged tried again, and got blasted
Half mastered ass style mad ruff task
When I struck I had on Timbs and a black mask
Remember that shit? I know you don't remember jack
That night yo I was hitting like a spiked bat
And then you thought I was bugged out, and crazy
Strapped for nonsense, after me became lazy
Yo, nobody budge while I shot slugs
Never shot thugs, I'm running with thugs that flood mugs
So grab your 8 plus 1, start flipping and tripping
Niggas is jetting I'm licking off son

[All]
Wu Tang Wu Tang Wu Tang Wu Tang!

[Verse 6: Masta Killa]
Homicide's illegal and death is the penalty
What justifies the homicide, when he dies
In his own iniquity it's the
Master of the Mantis Rapture coming at ya
We have an APB on an MC Killer
Looks like the work of a master
Evidence indicates that his stature
Merciless like a terrorist hard to capture
The flow, changes like a chameleon
Plays like a friend, and stabs you like a dagger
This technique attacks the immune system
Disguised like a lie paralyzing the victim
You scream, as it enters your bloodstream
Erupts your brain from the pain these thoughts contain
Moving on a nigga with the speed of a centipede
And injure any motherfucking contender!

[Hook][Produced by RZA]

[Hook]
Ooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it rawww
Ooh baby I like it raw
Yeah baby I like it raww

[Verse 1]
Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yay
Gimme the mic so I can take it away
Off on a natural charge, bon-voyage
Yeah from the home of the Dodger Brooklyn squad
Wu-Tang killer bees on a swarm
Rain on your college-ass disco dorm
For you to even touch my skill
You gotta put the one killer bee and he ain't gonna kill
Now chop that down, pass it all around
Lyrics get hard quick cement to the ground
For any emcee in any fifty-two states
I get psycho killer, Norman Bates
My producer slam my flow is like bam
Jump on stage ah then I dip down
(I like the way you talk)

[Hook]

[Backwards verse incorporating part of Verse Two]

[Verse 2: additional extended verse]
See, when a nigga say he likes it raw
Keepin' it dirty, down to the floor
See my name is the Ol'DB and I'll beat your ass
For the ladies who know me tell them who the fuck I be
For the niggas who know me tell them who the fuck I be
My style comes down on ya'll like rocks
(Sitin' on the dock of the bay) By the dock!
(Aiyaiyaiyaiyaiyaiyaiy...) Umm by the flock
(Don't goooooo) By the creak by the flock
Got east coast locked down padlocked
My Zoo be all all down by the flock

[Hook] + [Verse 1]

Yo ya'll know the lyrics come on sing with me

[Hook]Genius and MTV have teamed up to bring you a new look into New York hip hop from ‘97 to ‘98.  MTV has dug deep into their vaults and found three gems, each never before seen in its entirety.  As part of an ongoing project, MTV is looking to the Genius community to add context and personal stories to these interviews with some of the all time greats

Here we have the first release in the ongoing collaboration between Genius and MTV.  Newly uncovered, this unedited 1997 interview shows Dirty in a rare light, revealing struggles with family life and staying clean.  Watch the ever compelling ODB drop science like only he could and see why there was no father to his style

Interview by Josh Tyrangiel
_______________________________________________________

Interviewer:   And, anytime you’re ready. So, Dirty, the reason that you’re here today – we’ve heard a lot about changes that you have made in your life for the past couple of months. Why don’t you kind of explain to me what’s going on?

Dirty:  I don’t know man, just boy. Changes. Well, it’s like – you know, I don’t know, something about the children, you know? You know it’s just – I can’t really explain it but it’s all good though

Interviewer:   Let me start with the kids. How many kids do you have and what about the most recent child made you kind of stand up and take note?

Dirty:  The kids – how many kids do I have? Well, all the kids in the world is mine, so I can’t count how many kids I’ve got. All the children in the universe is mine, everywhere, you know what I mean? But it’s just – hey, the kids love Dirty, you know what I mean? Every time they see Dirty they smile, you know what I mean? And that’s automatically made dirty smile, you know what I mean? Make me want to get on my knees and play Lego blocks with them and everything, so it’s all good

Interviewer:   Well, let me ask you about this most recent child. I guess the most recent, I guess is it a son, who was born to you? It’s your 13th child and from what I was told that made you kind of stop and say, take a little stock of where you are in your life and what you need to do for them. Is that true?

Dirty:  Yeah, yeah, a little. Prince Osiris is here. And you know, it just like – I just want the right things for them, you know what I mean? And then have them, you know have they head on pointe, you know what I mean? And just want the best for them, you know what I mean? Just like any parent want for their children

Interviewer:   What’s your relationship like with your kids? I know what there are a lot of them, but let’s say on a regular basis with most of your kids, are you there are much as you can be? I mean, how does that work?

Dirty:  I’m there as much as I can be, you know what I mean? I see them, I talk to them on the regular. I mean, they crazy about their dad, there’s no doubt about it, and their dad is crazy about them too. They all look like me, little bad asses

Interviewer:   How do you explain to them, when they call you ‘dad,’ how do you explain to them who Ol’ Dirty Bastard is, who Osirus is. I mean, do you kind of sit with them and explain things?

Dirty:  No, I don’t explain. I mean, they’re my children, you know what I mean? They know me as Dad, you know what mean? Ol’Dirty Bastard, that’s like a job – you know what I mean? Osirus is like a job too, you know? It’s like, I don’t know. I feel it, it feels me, so it’s all good

Interviewer:   I want to talk a little bit about this most recent incident, as it were. You were arrested last week and there was a charge that you hadn’t paid a fair amount of child support. Can you kind of tell me one, exactly what happened and two, whether that’s true

Dirty:  Well one, I was signing autographs and I got picked up by the cops. Two, well, I love my – all my, I love my wife, yes, I love her dearly. Of course I pay child support, you know what I mean? Why wouldn’t I, you know what I mean? I love my children just being there as a family, you know what I mean? You know, things just got to be dealt with, you know what I’m saying? They have to things that I have got to deal with and that’s what got to be dealt with. And we will deal with it. The creator will make sure everything is right

Interviewer:   I mean, the amount that is in question they are saying is about $35,000, which most people would I guess presume that rappers make a lot of money and that $35,000 would not be – you know. Is it necessarily true that you’re swimming in money as ODB and you can just pay things off left and right and two, is that the correct amount of money? And what do you plan to do about it?

Dirty:  [inaudible - 00:04:42] you know, want to correct all situations, you know what I mean? So you know, we keep it moving as love, you know what I mean? There wasn’t nothing on my shoulder. And no, Dirty don’t have a lot of money, you know what I mean? Dirty is so busy giving out things, you know what I mean? Money don’t really mean nothing to me, but I’ve got to have it for the children of course. That’s why I’m getting this together, you know what I mean? So I don’t have to be hearing this and hearing that and things of that nature. I know times is hard and I know we’ve all got problems, but I don’t know, man. I just love all, man, you know what I mean? I will leave it in the hands of the creator, like I said

Interviewer:   Your wife has said that she wants to kind of divorce you and kind of move on after this incident. Is that something that you hope you can work out?

Dirty:  Of course, of course. I mean, we have been together for so long and you know, divorce, that’s like – that’s like, you know on Sunday when Moses departed the Red Sea, you know what I mean? But it had to come back together again, you know? And it had to stay together, you know what I mean? Can’t no problems can be so bad that things can’t be still good, you know what I mean? I’ve just got to make it better, you know?

Interviewer:   How long have you guys been together?

Dirty:  About 13 – yeah. I love the girl, man. Well, I love her to death, true

Interviewer:   You said before that you’re trying to get this thing together. You’ve had problems in the past with alcohol and drugs. At what point did you realize that you can’t do that anymore?

Dirty:  When I heard really that Otis Redding had crashed into that sea. That’s my main man, nah, just bullshitting. It was just – you know what I’m saying, I ain’t gonna say that, you know, it’s just – I learned that it’s not the move, you know what I mean? That ain’t the move where it’s time to have a straight point, straight ahead. You know what I mean? We’re doing things because that’s like that’s life, it’s serious. You know what I mean? You ain’t here, you don’t which way...what will..but loose. You know? So I know I’ve got to be here. And as far as all that alcohol and drug stuff, I advise ya’ll not to mess with it. And you hear from Dirty, take it as is. I ain’t saying – I’m just giving advice, that’s all. Like I give myself that same advice

Interviewer:   Was there anyone who took you aside at any point and said Dirty, you’ve got to straighten out – one, for yourself, two, for the group, three for your family? Or did this just kind of come to you, you know, alone?

Dirty:  It came to me alone, really. Because it’s me that make it happen, you know what I mean? I mean, people can give advice, you know, all your lives – you know what I mean? But it’s really up to you to make things happen and change. And for those who does do it and they don’t want to stop, that’s not how you do it, you know what I mean? Don’t let things control your mind, word. Word

Interviewer:   You said that it’s not going to be 100%, you can’t commit to quitting

Dirty:  Nah, put it this way man. I ain’t going to lie, because I ain’t no liar. When I’m onstage, something about that red wine, man. You know, it just bring the brilliance. I mean. But I ain’t doing it in a while, though, that’s what’s bugging me the hell out, you know what I mean? I ain’t one to lie, man, you know? I mean, we all do our things and everything, you know what I mean? Ya’ll know me for being raw, so I gotta keep it raw. If I’m onstage and it’s a good show and a lot of people I might take a sip or two, you know what I mean? That’s what brings the energy, you know? But then again, I might not. You know what I mean? I didn’t yet, so that’s something that I feel that I’m going to keep up, word. Keep that inside, you know what I mean? Nah, matter of fact, I’m not – that’s the move. Leave that alcohol alone, that’s the move, word

Interviewer:   How long has this been going on? How long have you been sober?

Dirty:  For about two months now, yeah

Interviewer:   What’s been the effect? I mean, as far as your relationship with your kids and your family, I am sure they have noticed a difference in you

Dirty:  Yeah, it’s like – it got closer, you know, being that I do a lot of touring and things of that nature. Wifey want to be around me, you know what I mean? And I understand that. But you know, I have got a job to do also. And being that I have got a job to do, sometimes that implants thoughts, you know what I mean? And it’s all natural, you know what I mean? For thoughts to be implanted, you know. I love you, girl. Keep that in mind, you know what I’m saying? And whatever you do, I’m always going to love you, regardless. So it’s like that

Interviewer:   How is this change going to affect what you’re doing musically? I mean, a lot of people expect a certain thing of ODB at this point. You have been around a couple of years. How is it going to change your focus and how is it going to change what we’re going to hear?

Dirty:  It’s going to keep my thoughts together, that’s one. You know what I mean? It’s like this – being, for me being sober, it reminds me when I was a kid again. You know what I mean? Being able to have a clear mind, that’s all, you know what I mean? To me, I ain’t going, you know what I’m saying – hold on, that shit’s weird though, because I really did nothing like this before. God is good, God is definitely good. Word. He definitely good, man, he got it going on baby love

Interviewer:   Talking about being a kid – do you remember your first experience with alcohol – I mean, how old were you and where were you and who introduced you to things?

Dirty:  I don’t remember but it was there. And I drunk it and you know, at that time it was there. You know what I mean? It’s not there no more. It’s not there no more

Interviewer:   Tell me about the next solo album stuff, what you’re working on, what it’s going to sound like, how the new you is going to be reflected in that

Dirty:  I want a lot of rock and roll artists on it. I don’t know who, how, other than I like a couple, several. I ain’t going to name no names because I don’t want, you know – but I like the rock and roll. My album is going to be called Dirty’s World, I believe. I want to cover several artists on there, Mariah, for one – that’s my sweetheart, word. And you know, a couple of artists. Basically, I don’t know what’s going to happen. You know what I’m saying? I’m just happy to be here, you know what I mean? It’s came to a little change and it’s all good. I just gotta keep it up, you know what I mean? I ain’t here to throw no punches or nothing like that, just got to keep it up, that’s all. Keep a clear mind and keep it moving, that’s basically it. You know what I mean?

Interviewer:   How have the guys in the Clan responded to you? I mean, have you gone and spoke to them about you’re making some changes in your life?

Dirty:  No, I don’t really speak too much nowadays, you know what I’m saying? Basically, I ain’t really trying to talk on the results, you know what I mean? I just want to show and prove it, you know what I mean? Right now, the Clan, I don’t know. Well check it out, Dirty is here, Dirty is here to stay, word. And we are going to make these albums and we are going to get this money and we are going to take care of these kids and all my children across the universe. I love you all, keep it up, keep it good, keep it in school. Keep it high levels. Low levels, keep it inside. And the women, I love ya’ll, ya’ll got it going on. All my niggas, I love ya’ll, gotta keep it moving. And I love you, mama, I love you dearly. You definitely got it going on, word. Definitely, word. Thanks for bringing me here, word

Interviewer:   Dirty, let me ask you a little bit more about Wu Tang. When the tour was going on with Rage Against the Machine, RZA was say-, when it got called off, RZA was basically saying that he was upset that a lot of the guys in the group didn’t make all the dates. And although he didn’t mention you by name, it was pretty clear who he was talking about. Has that been sorted out at all?

Dirty:  Yeah, I was going through – me personally, I ain’t going to lie. I was there, I was there, and I was there. You know, but I know that my clan needs me. They need me like I need them, you know what I mean? The world needs me, period, word, because I need the world. You know what I mean? And I know that because I have got a lot of love for everything. And when you have got a lot of love for everything, love is needed. You can kind of like teach a lot of people that don’t see certain things, you know what I mean? Instead of bad, it’s all good, you know what I mean? It will come in time, though, but basically, I ain’t really a talker. I’m just happy to be here, baby. You know what I mean? I ain’t even a talker, man. I talk too much. Who knows what’s gonna happen

Interviewer:   Who tells you that you talk too much?

Dirty:  Well look, man, it’s like this – nobody will tell me nothing, it’s just you can feel when you’re talking too much. You know what I mean? It’s just, oh boy. Nigga please. All this can’t camera stuff, I ain’t really used to this stuff. I’m used to it but then again I ain’t used to it. I’m used to being myself, natural. Laid back and being all stiff all the damn time, you know? Just ask me some more questions, man

Interviewer:   Is it hard for you to believe, four or five years ago your life was 100% different than it is now. Is it hard for you to believe that you’re sitting here talking to MTV. Does it still come over you sometimes that you’ve come a long way?

Dirty:  Yeah, word

Interviewer:   What do you feel at those times?

Dirty:  Well, it’s just like I see things more clearly now, you know? I mean, I always saw things in weird ways, it’s just a little clearer now. It’s more tight now, you know? Everybody don’t understand what I’m talking about, just talking about life itself, you know? I ain’t trying to make no statements on TV, man. All the children belong to me, man. Some say 13, some say – I ain’t, look, hey – you know what I mean, all the children belong to me, for real. It ain’t no lie, I love all. Sometimes bad things happen, you know? For the bad things, sorry about them. You know, I guess that what occurs when you lazy, you know? That’s why that change occurs and shit

Interviewer:   A lot of people would say you have got 13 kids, what about birth control? Are you going to maybe start using condoms or is that not -

Dirty:  I use condoms. Oh man, oh baby I like it raw. Yeah, condoms – yeah, I use condoms, yeah. Birth control, yes, birth control. Birth control. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, birth control. Do some birth control. Look, Dirty, yeah, birth control. Man, I was just speaking about birth control. Look, I love you all. Birth control. I love you all and birth control is good and if you don’t want to have no babies like that and you don’t want to run into them problems, boy – I mean, babies all over the universe. Boy, if you don’t want to run into no problems, you better listen to that TV, baby. That’s real. Oh boy, you better listen

Interviewer: So are you going to start taking some of that advice yourself?

Dirty:  Well, of course. Man, of course. I was just thinking, man, I be having nightmares and everything, they’re coming to get me. And just avoid all future, all future stuff, you know what I mean? I just want to let ya’ll know, like I said before, I love ya’ll man. [Inaudible - 00:19:59], all right? For real. Because ya’ll the only ones I’ve got. I don’t got nobody else, anybody. A lot of people care, but you know – we are all we got, for real. You know what I mean? Word

Interviewer:   You’ve got a lot of people. I mean, I’ve seen you at shows, I’ve seen you at shows that weren’t your own and you come in and basically hip hop fans give you more love, I would say, than most other artists. Because they feel like they know you, they feel like they can relate to you in some ways. Do you feel like you’ve got any sort of burden towards them, fulfilling their expectations of how you’re going to change and how your new life is going to go on? Do you feel like you want to talk to them at all about those things?

Dirty:  I see it like this. It’s a new world order, you know what I mean? And one must adapt to that, you know? Or the penalty is the penalty, for real. I mean, I’m trying my best to adapt to all things, you know what I mean? It ain’t nothing like yeah, it’s new, word. And I advise that for anybody, you know? Control your emotions, you know? Because oh, it cause a lot of off-balance and things are not supposed to be always balanced, so it can spin you know what I mean? And I don’t know man, I just say that, man, word. But if anybody ever need my thoughts, ya'll know how to catch me. What’s my 1-900 line? Well next time when I come on ya’ll see my 900 line. Just go look in the Wu-Tang album cover, you will see my 1-900 line. Call me up, I will change the message too, so we can conversate more. Children, I love ya’ll, all right? Keep your head up

Interviewer:   Tell me a little bit more about Mariah, your relationship with her? I have heard that has kind of grown a little bit over the last couple of years

Dirty:  That’s my heartbeat. My sugar plum, word. One of the sweetest women I have met. I have met a lot of sweet women, well, my mama is the sweetest woman I ever met, and my grandmamma too, and a couple other women too. But Mariah got especially genuine, she ain’t got to say nothing, love. You know what I mean? She’s got like a glow, a weird glow. I can’t really explain it, you know? She’s just straight up beautiful, word. I mean, it’s shown and proved by all the fans she got, you know what I mean? See me, I’m a big fan of Mariah, word. Doing something with her, I always want to do some backup with her, when I was young I love Mariah. I mean not young, you know what I mean, before I was out. She just beautiful, you know. She keeps it real. She does what she feel at heart. And usually people when they do what they feel at heart, you’ve got good and bad in the situation. It means everything that she do is good, so I know she is a naturally good woman

Interviewer:   And if you wanted to do something with her, she would be there for you? If you wanted to give her a call, she is always there for you?

Dirty:  I hope so. Word. I believe so. I believe so, yes, of course

Interviewer:   We have talked a little bit about your image, the one that has gone out about ODB over the past four or five years, and it’s a certain image that people have gotten used to. Do you have any desire to change that image as a result of your own life changes or do you think you are comfortable with the way that is?

Dirty:  You love Dirty as Dirty, Dirty is Dirt Dog. How you see him is how you gonna get him. This is Dirty, baby. Shimmy-shimmy-ya, Brooklyn Zoo, The Stomp, approach a school 9:30, you’re late. Everybody go Dirt Dog, all that, that’s me, straight up – I can’t change that. That’s me, that’s going me – what started from that future, you know what I mean? Other than the bad parts. There wasn’t really no bad parts, though, other than people tearing down the clubs and stuff. I ain’t gonna tear down no more clubs, all right? Leave you bouncers alone because I love ya’ll anyway. I’m gonna be Dirty, word

Interviewer:   Tell me what an average day is like now, as it was earlier this year, or something like that. Tell me what you do during an average day?

Dirty:  I try to take care of more business now, you know? No more sleepy head. It’s all good

Interviewer:   I mean, like what time do you get – I’m talking specific, because you know kind of want to know what your life is like. What time you get up, things like that?

Dirty:  My life is your life, you know? I get up, I use the toilet bowl, sometimes I eat, sometimes I don’t. I love women. I love seeing people, I love seeing people happy. I don’t really know man, I’m me. I mean I don’t predict things. It comes natural where I get up and I’m happy, see? I’m happy, all right? And that’s about it. I can’t really tell you how Dirt Dog it is, it’s too exquisite. There’s nothing that you can just pinpoint, you know what I mean? It’s here, it’s there, it’s there, it’s everywhere, you know what I mean? So that’s all basically it, from the dirt in the air that you breathe

Interviewer:   How far along are the plans for your next solo album? As far is somebody on the project as a producer, is RZA going to produce it? Have you started writing things?

Dirty:  Yeah, RZA, Dirt Dog, we are going to try to get Dr. Dre. That’s my man, you got it going on, dunn for real, word is bond. Oh, Puffy, you ill too. Word. I want to give you props, [Puff 00:26:29], you’ve got it going on man. At first man, but now, man, you’ve got it going on. I’ve got to give you all your props, man. You got a standard, baby, keep it up. Whoever it is that got banging tracks, you know what I mean? Ain’t all looking pretty in the videos, ain’t all like – you know what I mean? Because everybody looking all pretty in the videos nowadays, you know what I mean? Dirty is going to bring back that light that you been missing, straight up, that – you know, the real stuff, that when you get up in the morning that’s how it is. Sometimes you wash up, sometimes you don’t, you know what I mean? You go outside, you know, there is nothing planned what Dirty’s going to do. Dirty’s going to do, you know, the regular thing – straight up man. I mean, I’m going to have a lot of producers, so I ain’t try to pick – whoever got the bangingest tracks, that’s who I’m using, word

Interviewer:   When do you think this will be out?

Dirty:  I’m going to try to have it out by spring

Interviewer:   And are you writing lyrics right now or are you just going to wait until everything comes together?

Dirty:  Oh, I’m planning on taking me a little day – you know what I mean? Like now getting off and just go and sit down, just vibe for about a month and just write, because I’ve got a lot of chambers full for ya’ll. Ya’ll don’t know nothing yet. Ya’ll think all this music out here now is it? Watch when you hear mine. For real, ya’ll going to like my album, I know ya’ll is. Because it’s going to attract the grandmothers, the great-grandmothers, the babies in the stomachs going to be kicking. You know, we might get a couple of UFO sightings here, you know what I mean? You never know, right in New York. You never know, messing around with my new album. Hey, Dirty ain’t cursing or nothing. So ya’ll see it’s good, you know what I mean? I ain’t gonna lie, [inaudible - 00:28:40], you know, but – you’re gonna see. I ain’t bragging or nothing, you’ll see. For those who like it, love it, for those who don’t, love it, all right?

Interviewer:   As far as the album and projecting into your future, with the kids you’ve got to support, with the life you want to lead, you obviously want this album to have a certain level of success. So beyond the recording, are there any other plans as far as the publicity, how you’re going to kind of create a buzz around this album?

Dirty:  I want to get to all, a little Western, country, jazz, rock and roll, heavy metal. My brother, he’s got a band out called Funk Face, so we’ll be teaming up real soon anyway. He is strictly like heavy metal, rock and roll? You know what I mean? I want to catch everybody. I already got all the hip hop fans. Hip hop belongs to me, you know what I mean? And that ain’t no lie. Because I let it all out, you know what I mean? So now it’s time to go into rock and roll. It’s time to go into whatever it is to go into, you know what I mean? One thing about Dirty’s world, Dirty can go into any chamber of 36 chambers, you know? And all will love it because I want to touch everybody. I want to touch everybody and that’s basically it. That’s basically it, word

Interviewer:   Let me ask you a couple of questions about some other things that we’re working on. I know that you did a remix with a group called Texas, recently. Is that right?

Dirty: Me?

Interviewer:   Yeah, supposably

Dirty:  Texas? Got me

Interviewer:   No, all right. Let me ask you about – Thanksgiving is coming up and we’re doing a Beavis and Butthead Thanksgiving special. Just curious what Thanksgiving means to you?

Dirty:  Thanks for giving

Interviewer:   How do you celebrate the holiday? With your family, at home?

Dirty:  Well, me and RZA, when we was young we used to just go to everybody’s house and eat. You know, we travel from this house to we eat at this house, we eat and leave. Then we go to this house, we go to this house, and we go to this house, you know. Thanksgiving is a food day, man. You know what I mean, you eat a lot of food and everybody is happy. They are cooking together, it’s all good. It’s like one of them Christmas days, you know what I mean? Look, man, before I used to be all personal about things and man, that ain’t nothing like life, straight up. You know what I mean? We ain’t here just enjoying it, you know what I mean? People be so biased about how people are living, what people are doing – who cares what people are doing? People don’t understand what love is, you know what I mean? I ain’t being funny or nothing, but to me love is, you know, all right – you got lesbians, you faggots, whatever. You got, you know, me and a woman, you got whatever, whatever. To me love is all of that, you know what I mean? And people have got to start learning how to respect people as they is, you know what I’m saying? That’s how I see things, man. I mean, I ain’t into all that, but yo what, that’s there. What the fuck you gonna do – excuse me, my language, but what the hell you going to do about it? You can’t change that. Lord God made that, you know what I mean? So love is universal, man. You can’t stop nothing, you know what I mean? Ya’ll do what ya’ll do, you know what I mean? That’s all I will say. Enjoy your lives man, man. Word, word is mine. Enjoy your lives, you know what I mean? I love all, you know what I mean? To me, I’m a Dirty white boy. Cut my skin one of the first things you see is white meat, and you see blood, so it’s all good

Interviewer:   That’s good, yeah

Male: We done? That’s it. All right

[End of Audio 00:33:22][Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Keepin' it real, son, that's right
The shining star, you're my shining star, girl
Yo, New York in the house
Is Brooklyn in the house
Uptown in the house
Shaolin are you in the house
Boogie Down are you in the house
Sacramento in the house
Atlanta Georgia are you in the house
West Coast are you in the house
Japan are you in the house
Everybody are you in the house
Baby, baby come on
Baby come on, baby come on

[Verse 1: Mariah Carey]
Oh, when you walk by every night
Talkin' sweet and lookin' fine
I get kinda hectic inside
Mmm, baby, I'm so into you
Darlin', if you only knew
All the things that flow through my mind

[Hook]
But it's such a sweet sweet, I'm in heaven
With my boyfriend, my laughing boyfriend
There's no beginning and there is no end
Feels like I'm dreaming, but I'm not sleeping
My sweet fantasy
Sweet, sweet fantasy

[Verse 2: Mariah Carey]
Images of rapture
Creep into me slowly
As you're goin' to my head
And my heart beats faster
When you take me over
Time and time and time again

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Ladies and Gentlemen
Introducing the Old, Dirty, Doggy
Here we go now
Me and Mariah
Go back like babies and pacifiers
Old Dirt Dog's no liar
Keep your fantasy hot like fire
Jump, jump, let me see you do the stump
Girls, let me see you shake your rump
Brothers, hit it from the back and front
And let's do it, do it, do it, uh-huh
I'm a little bit of Country
I'm a little bit of Rock and Roll
And I'm soul to soul
Big letters all big and bold
Old Dirty Bastard bask and blow

[Hook]

[Bridge: Mariah Carey and Puff Daddy]
What you gonna do when you get out of jail?
I'm gonna do a remix
What you gonna do when you get out of jail?
I'm gon' do a remix
What you gonna do when you get out of jail?
I'm gon' have some fun
What you gonna do when you get out of jail?
I'm gon' have some fun

[Hook][Intro]
Shit. Word. I bust that nigga ass right now
Ain't none of them niggas can't fuck with me
What? Nigga you could never fuck with me, my nigga
I'll fuck you up right now! What? What? What?
Bust your motherfucking ass boy!
I ain't no motherfucking joke, you know who you talking to?
(Word up, bust that nigga ass, word up)
Ol' Dirty Bastard, I fuck you up right now

[Verse 1]
I'm the one-man army, Ason
I never been tooken out, I keep MCs looking out
I drop science like Cosby dropping babies
Enough to make a nigga go crazy
In the G-Building, taking all types of medicines
Your ass thought you were better than
Ason, I keep planets in orbit
While I be coming with deeper and more shit
Enough to make you break and shake your ass
As I create rhymes good as a Tastykake makes
This style, I'm mastered in
Niggas catching headaches, what? What? You need Aspirin?
This type of pain, you couldn't even kill with Midol
Fuck around, get sprayed with Lysol
In your face like a can of mace, baby
Is it burning? Well, fuck it, now you're learning
How I don't even like your motherfucking profile
Give me my fucking shit: CH-CH-BLAOW!
Not seen and heard, no-one knows
You forget: niggas be quiet as kept
Now you know nothing
Before you knew a whole fucking lot
Your ass don't wanna get shot
A lot of MCs came to my showdown
And watched me put your fucking ass low down
As you can go, below zero
Without a doubt I never been tooken out
By a nigga, who couldn't figure
Yo by a nigga, who couldn't figure
Yo by a nigga, who couldn't figure (Brooklyn Zoo)
How to pull a fucking gun trigger
I said "Get the fuck outta here!"
Nigga wanna get too close, to the utmost
But I got stacks that'll attack any wack host
Introducing - yo fuck that nigga's name
My Hip Hop drops on your head like rain
And when it rains it pours, cause my rhymes hardcore
That's why I give you more of the raw
Talent that I got will riz-ock the spot
MCs I'll be burning, burning hot
Whoa-hoa-hoa! Let me like slow up with the flow
If I move too quick, oh, you just won't know
I'm homicidal when you enter the target
Nigga get up, act like a pig trying to hog shit
So I take yo ass out quick
The mics, I've had it my nigga, you can suck my dick
If you wanna step to my motherfucking rep
CH-CH-BLOAW! BLOAW! BLOAW! Blown to death
You got shot cause you knock knock knock
"Who's there?" Another motherfucking hardrock
Slacking on your macking cause raw's what you lack
You wanna react? Bring it on back

[Hook]
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
(Repeat x5)[Intro]
Ohh mad one
We see your trap
You can never escape, your fate
Submit with honor to a duel, with my son
I agree

I see you're using an old style, I wondered where you'd learned it from
You know very well, it's yours too
Heh, I had forgotten, will you show me?
And what have you come for?
You come here, since you're so interested - fight me

[Verse 1: GZA]
Yo, Picture bloodbaths and elevator shafts
Like these murderous rhymes tight from genuine craft
Check the print, it's where veterans spark the letterings
Slow moving MC's is waiting for the editing
The liquid soluble that made up the chemistry
A gaseous element, that burned down your ministry
Herbal vapors, and biblical papers
Smoking Exodus, every square yard is plush
Fuck the screw-faced photo sessions facial expression
Leaves impressions, try to keep a shark nigga guessing
Give crazy shouts Son here's the outcome
Cut across the semi-gloss rhymes you floss
Shit is outdated, just like neckloads of Sterlings
Suede-fronts, bell-bottoms, and tri-colored Shearlings
I ain't particular, I bang like vehicular homicides
On July 4th in Bed-Stuy
Where money don't grown on trees and there's thieving MC's
Who cut-throat to rake leaves
They can't breathe, blood splash, rushing fast
Like running rivers, I be that whiskey in your liver

[Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Duel of the Iron Mic!
It's the fifty-two fatal strikes!

[Verse 2: Master Killa]
This is not a eighty-five affair, made clear
When the Gods get on to perform storms blew up
Wu's up, causing the crowd to self-destruct
Killer bees are stinging while I reveal
Science, that's heavily guarded by the culprit
Bombing your barracks, with aerodynamic
Swordplay, poison darts by the doorway
Minds that's laced with explosive doses
Damaging lyrical launcher
Lunge at the youthful offender then injure
Any contender, testing the murderous Master
Could lead to disaster, dynamite thoughts
Explode through your barrier, rips the retina
Who can withstand the astonishing punishing
Stings to the sternum, shocked in the hip-hop livestock
Seeking for a serum, to cure em

[Verse 3: Inspectah Deck]
Adults kill for drugs plus the young bucks bust
Ducking handcuffs, throats get cut when dough rush
Out of town foes look shook but still pose
We move like real pros through the streets we stroll
Bullet holes lace the windows in one-six-oh
So control the avenues that's the dream that's sold
Building lobbies are graveyards for small-timers
Bitches caught in airports, K's in they vaginas
No peace, yo the police mad corrupt
You get bagged up, depending if you're passing the cut
Plus shorty's not a shorty no more, he's living heartless
Regardless of the charges, claims to be the hardest
Individual, critical thoughts, criminal minded
Blinded by illusion, finding it confusing

[Hook x2]

[Outro]
Huh, Master, he must be dreaming, heh
Well, if he is dreaming then he must be asleep
And if he's asleep, then I will wake him up!

At the height of their fame and glory, they turned on one another
Each struggling in vain for ultimate supremacy
In the passion and depth of their struggle
The very art that had raised them to such Olympian heights was lost
Their techniques vanished[Intro: Method Man]
16th Chamber, temple number five

[Method Man]
Somebody said it's on, if it is then I'll be set
To blow a nigga up, with my Five Fingers of Death
I bring it to his whole damn fam, understand
If he frontin, on any man down with the Clan
I be comin, for that headpiece you can't cope
For my brother, I even kill a Pope, word to mother
Serial, killa, style from the Isle of Stat
My peoples are you with me where you at?
Shit's gettin deep in here, I mean like thick
Niggas lookin all in my face like they want dick
It's about to hit the fan, hit the flo'
That's all I can stands, and I can't stands no mo'
What is it? Niggas think they bigga
Because they got the finga on the trigga of a biscuit
They don't know I'm wicked, when I start to kick it
With the raw sound, wash it down with a Mystic
Better yet a Snapple, nigga want the juice
But he don't want the hassle
Thought they trying to overthrow the castle
Better yet the temple, I'm comin to your town
Black down, the rental, car, the pistol
YAH! If you don't want a burn from Glock
Then beware, I buck shots, meaning what, the buck stops
Here, no more dough will be made
Unless it's being made by who... the 1-6-Ooh

[Interlude: Raekwon] + (Method Man)
Chamber four (1-6-Ooh) Chamber four
Temple number nine, temple number nine

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
I'm the original G-O-D
Making young ladies scream is my specialty
When I go ooh-wah, ooh-wah, ooh-wah, girls wanna get hype
From the funky fresh music that was stereotyped
When I kill, that ol' mad rugged flow
Not sayin Ason, is like a duck of disco
Or a disco duck, I'm strictly hip hop
Yo, Ason, what's up? I can't stop...
Wu-Tanging, flipping the script and
You could test my skills, but niggas must be trippin
Coked up from sniffin, you're the one who's riffin
I'm not Opie, save that old shit for Andy Griffith
You start to flip, now ya slip, cuz you're slippin
While you sleep I be the God on point, like Scottie Pippen
As I, jump on stage, cold flip a rip a show
Strip or rip a ho, ready like Bo
Jackson while I'm still taxin, I'm maxin
Relaxin, sittin backs and, laying tracks and
Again and again when I rock this jam
I wanna see 'em up in the air, throw up your hand
Introducin, the one-man band
A child that's wild, now with the style, couldn't stand
Niggas wanna jump, then stepped, to the center
Of the rhyme inventor, MC tormentor
You get jacked and slapped, across the MC map
I laugh at ya ass, on a horse shack
Come on through I black and blue your whole crew
Then I get rudie with the Hong Kong Phooey
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, MC killer
Money maker, Brooklyn, Shaolin style
That I lay down like tile
Gotta hit you up, one blaow, so you better come down...[RZA]
Yeah, start wit that one
Yo, yo, yo, my acustic futuristic lingustic rap fabric
Is a mixture of Arabic sandscript in it's italics
I talk quick, y'all bitches can't comprehend my dick release spit
Wit love should I release hits
We travel through bodies like blood vessels
All y'all crab niggas try to wrestle to be on top of this pedastool
Slang doctrine, minoxin, lyrical toxin, I'm chessboxin
Words is rushin through like a herd of angry OXEN!!

[Cappadonna]
Fatal for these pussy cat niggas is dead weight
Concentrate, my murder rate excellerate, terminate
So spoil like coke in the foil
Knock knock, I shot the whole block
Electricity, flow splendidly
Internally inside of me like Tony Starks tee
I create excellency, one-sixty call L-O-U-N-G assist me
Papi wardrobe is key, roll promptly
For slang hall, vocabulary Igor, Frankenstein mind
Rewind for a minute while I dig down your track, stupid
I move quick shit is accurate, Kojack tactics
Chaos, killa bee minds, high society blackness, spread the rumor

[RZA]
My lyrical marv-el makin more cream than Carvel
Y'all niggas best to hold your weight like barbell
To my verbal swordsman school, students don't play truant
My most prudent pupil, rhyme under influence
Of alcohol and to-bacco, mushrooms imported from Morocco
Bellies on the rocks, and a twenty sack of choco
Wit forty tales and gold around the fist, bitch I carve
Glitters on the paper so my family won't starve

[Cappadonna]
I'm deep in the shit, I stay highly involved
Never inconceited, never been beated
Been trapped in many wars but not yet retreated
My style you need it, I just write to read it
It's all fresh lyric, no nothing gets repeated
I came a long way and guess what, I succeeded
I conquer my opponent, and feed him baby food
Cuz he's childish and illiterate, and ye has been rude
To the father year me, O-R-I-G
Respond to the war wit the killa bee law

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Scavenger nigga, you's a shhriimp
A full line of shhiit, my ear can digest iiit
Stop drinkin all that water, let's take it to the land
So I can Godzilla up your shit mister Tiny Tim man
Niggas be creepin up my beanstalk
When I start to come down on your fuckin ass
You tried to chop shit on up
Played my shit like parks bitch, I'm that

[RZA]
Legendary microphone's weaponary
You secondary BITCH-ASS fairies
Scary cats won't survive this verbal attack
You think you're slang can match
The Wu-Tang, EMPHATICALLY now cypher
You fake crumbs, you should be stung on your tongue
While you young guns bunge, we plunge into the grunge
Deep into the dark dungeon, we come in one wind
Nine minds combine to form the wisest rhyme force to summon
I be the quoted mathematical combination
Unloadin mysteries of life, you feel my solar wind blowin

[Cappadonna]
Just then, I came on the stage like wind
Blew slang in your face and it touch your skin
You felt chilly, just like you smoked a bag of illy
You need a coat just to protect your throat
Two pairs of socks, kid I'm cold like ice rocks
Chap-lipped duds can't fuck wit the chatterbox
Cherry heads felt the draft of the ox
Shaolin niggas won't fuck wit one block *pause*
Broke forgot about half the slang murderer
Down wit the union big street sling murderer
Terrorizin, move I'm tranquelizin
Fast getaway wit the slow speed drivin
Two miles an hour, Cappa do it wit the power
Somebody blow something, cut fool in the tower[Hook]
Yeah youknowhatI'msayin
It's all I'm saying
Knahmsayin, yo I'mma tell all y'all motherfuckers something
Knahmsayin, I'm a Dalmation knahmsayin
Motherfucker I'm white and I'm black what
You can't understand it then fuck you, knahmsayin
I love this, motherfucker I need this
We work from hand to hand, from country to town
From city to state, from world to world nigga
From universe to universe
It's a white and black thing, all the world leaders
It's all, and together, I said peace, and love, from happiness
You understand me
??, turn me up
Ah turn me up (x7)
White girls shake your ass
Black girls shake your ass
Everybody shake your ass
C'mon shake your ass

Turn me up motherfuckers getting hot in here
Niggas all getting hot in here
Everybody getting hot in here
Whiteys getting hot in here
Blackies getting hot in here
Somebody getting hot in here
Everybody getting hot in here
Red people getting hot in here
Yellow people getting hot in here
Blue people getting hot in here
Aliens gettin hot in here
Somebody gettin hot in here
White people getting hot in here
Black people getting hot in here
Everybody gettin hot in here

The chamber of this banger, is 36th chamber
Understand Equality Slang, that of Allah's name
Played the rabbit, like you dead
Mork from Ork, first take support see me in The Source
Yo I take the eighty-five percent brain
Cause Black makes what makes rain
Dirty brain is like payday to me
GOD unique baby
Who's the Five Percent of the planet Earth
Tell em Poppa Wu, well it sure ain't Poppa Smurf
Got to check your blood, take you to church
Ministers down with the nerds
Ever since birth
White man always trying to take the Black man's turf
Black man built America
I named you after Asia, you ain't my Momma
Now her name is Erika, Bo Derek-ah
What, you like that slave name
It wasn't 'posed to sound better
New Wu order, New Rule order
For all the maniacs in jail read this letter
Be behind me when I'm making this cheddar
Cause I'mma make it more better for our babies
Cause they play in the same schoolyards everyday
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon

You've, got, that WHITE WHITE WHITE WHITE
White man clock on your wall
I'm tired of gettin up goin to work
For that white, white, white, white man y'all
I's got a bad boss
These thoughts was fucking Diana Ross
I ain't no ??, making this money
Nuh, show yourself
Whitey come on, get the money
My Father Allah walk with Gods
Just like the dollar bill walk with God We Trust
And I walk this dog, two-thousand two-hundred miles for you
What, let the ?? know it's done
Hey blackie, yo whitey
It's all, all, all in together now
We getting paid getting dressed for the weather now
All, all, all in together now
We getting paid gettin dressed for the weather now
All, all in together now
Getting paid getting dressed for the weather now
All in together now
We're getting paid getting dressed for the weather now, peace

It's all in together now
New World Order baby, knahmsayin
Y'all recognize it's together
You understand me, it's the Dirt Dog speaking
My word is bond and my bond is life
It's all in together now my niggas and my niggarettes
My peoples don't worry about it
It's all slang from the same gang
I'm black out, and I'm black in
I'm white out, and I'm white in, so what[Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Yo, are you taping baby?
Baby are you taping?
Ohh yeahhahhahheeyahhhyahhhhohhhyahhhh
Baby baby c'mon, baby c'mon, baby c'mon
What the fuck anybody wanna do?
Right motherfucking now!
Ahhahhahhhah

[Verse 1: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
I'm the God who's ahead of the Lords
Dirty Bastard from the Wu-Tang squad
Can I get raw, yes I get Dirty to the floor
Rhymes, hittin on your mind, you could never ignore
Hip-Hop to me is like a place to be
My specialTY from me to you is emCEE
Say what you wanna sayyyahhh, baby sayahh
I flip the microphone-ah, any dayahh
I'm mad swift because I got that gift of gab
Niggas get mad, your ass stink never had
This talent that I got will resound the spot
MCs, you got paid a lot
You ever notice a black man damn mostly slams
When it come to the money yo it ain't funny
It's what you gotta do what you got to do
C'mon, can I get a Wu-Tang
Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang
Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, it's on your brain
I get riggy diggy raw when it's time to get
On the dancefloor shotgun kill the shit
BLAOW, then you won't step to me
Thinking is he really raw as he said he'd be
If I wasn't really raw, standing here on the floor
You'd be like BOOOOO HE AIN'T NO HARDCORE
Niggas play like they live but won't survive
Jumpin up and down ticklin that jive when you ticklin gab
I'm an average man, G-O-D fan
Let it be known who's the champ, Wu-Tang Clan!
It's coming through and WU, boy it's bad too!
Throw your hands in the air, if you don't care
WHO, the Ol Dirty Bastard be
Oh me on my, you be hoppin on my shit just like a fly
BZZZZZT, all around
The dirtiest stinkin sound down to the ground
What what, what you wanna do?
What you wanna do when I'm coming for you?
I'm gonna give it to ya, bayyybah, bayybah
Bayybahhhahahahahahahahahahah...[Verse 1: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
We used to sleep in the staircase, smoke weed in the staircase
Friday night got drunk, used to pee in the staircase
Hopin' a cop might slip, I'm never known to drop the clip
You copped the Fifth, nigga, I'll pop the fifth
I show no mercy, dunk like a bar of Hershey
Call my gun, Lil' Seymour, bitch, or Big Percy
A Dapper Dan fan, who will clap a man
For five grand of small bills, wrapped in a rubberband
Then lay up in a fat pair of titties, my bitch is so saditty
This is Dirt McGirt, ho, not P. Diddy
All we got in common is the money, the only thing I want is the money
You see my face on the wall of every precinct
Bitches keep your pussy decent, I'm juvenile delinquent
For guns that I creep with, they whisper, in secret
Only bitch that peepin', is the one that I sleep with, nih-huh!

[Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Alotta niggas wanna dust me off
Bad bitches wanna suck me off
Rockafella dropped a million here
And Dirt McGirt back in the air
All my gangstas, where ya at?
Throw your guns up and make them clap
Tell me now, muthafuckas, you strapped?
And bitch betta have my money

[Verse 2: Ghostface Killah]
Aiyo, the bitch better have your money and mine
Cuz if she don't, we both gon' double team that bitch from behind
And for them niggas outside screamin' that
'Somebody gotta die' shit, same dudes on the cop's dick
This is Tone, y'all niggas be frontin'
And most of y'all niggas don't got no guns
Borrowed your man's shit, how's that for a bum?
Dum-dums emptied out of pun son, so see man, see Ach' run
See spots over my Reebok's, cuz he got done
Cheap shots fell out his weak Glock and he got stung
My cheap gun is a gangsta's protein
Treat bitches with the utmost respect, like get 'em wetted
Tellin' to, drink the milk, boo, don't even wet it
This is Starky, I got a foot fetish, loot fetish
With the dust-head men, we got good credit

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Notorious Glock buster, cap peelin', block hustler
Who slap hoes, who lack feelings
Black building, crack dealing, black villain
Had a taste for blood spillin', love stealin'
Any thing that twinkle bright to my eye sight
Many nights I used to stay up, at the twilight
And wonder to myself, if's there's a Heaven or Hell
Been alone in these streets, since eleven or twelve
On my own, I run buckwild in the West
A knucklehead nigga, used to sleep in my vest
Had no home, my Moms used to show me no lovin'
Burn the crib down, try'nna dry my shirt with the oven
Now I'm exiled, destined for penal
Hyperactive off the cocaine, got me senile
Back on the block, knowledge to build, knowledge to kill
Intent to put a dent in your grill with the steel

[Hook]Bitches!

Ha Ha Ha!
Bitches, Ha!
Bitches...

[Old Dirty Bastard]
BITCH, at any moment, that's what I'll do
[You fucking bitches]I'll do it to you
And a few of your crew
At any moment[Yeah], that's what I'll do
[ICP, ODB]I'll do it to you
And a few of your crew
[Bitcheeessss!]

[Verse 1: Violent J]
BITCH! WHAT THE FUCK?!
What are you trying to do to me?
You wasn't true to me
When I was locked up you fucked something like 34 guys
[Rrrghh!]But I let that slide
'Cuz your ass is big, and your titties is fat
I wanted to FUCK THAT
But FUCK THAT
I never gave a FUCK THAT, you put me through the courts [AND?]
And gave me genital warts
Now I stack my .9, I'm goin' for the knees
I'mma blow 'em out and give your neck a squeeze
[Aggghhh! Whoo!]As you're standing there, I'mma be like BITCH!
[Ha ha!]You know you done fucked up, right?

[Hook: Violent J]
Girl you know I love you, but now you gotta die
[Now you gotta die, now you gotta die]
Girl you know I love you, but now you gotta DIE
[Never wanted it like that] (x2)

[2nd Verse- Old Dirty Bastard]
Bitch, don't talk about bitches I'm fucking them
Please no fat bitches I'm fucking slim
Unless it's one of those likes stroking my shit
I don't care 'bout how I'm fucking it
How much it costs, big fat...crackhead?
Ain't trying to hear all those words you said
Five minutes, bitch [ahhhh] and I came
Fuck your name, and from where you came

I don't give a fuck, bitch! I will kill you!
You Shaquita! You Belinda! You too Passion...BITCH!

[Hook]
[Ahhhhh....you bitches!!!]

[Verse 3: Shaggy 2 Dope]
One thing I can't stand is these bitches
Trying to take my riches, when I ain't even got none [Bitch!]
I never lied, you knew what I wanted all the while [what?]
My dick in your vertical smile [yeah]
We kiss and hug, and snugg, and tickle
But the bitch wouldn't even buff my fucking pickle [bitch]
You fucked everybody else in the place, it's all good
Now let me head-butt your face!

Bitch! I love you, but now you gotta die
That's right [Bitches!], that's right
Girl you know I love you, but now you gotta die
[Bitches? Bitcheeesss!]

[Hook x3]
Girl you know I love you, you dumb bitch![Intro]
That's right, that's right, that's right
Yeah check this shit out
KnowI'msayin'
This is dedicated to all my hoes
KnowI'msayin'
All my babies mothers knowI'msayin'
All my bitches knowI'msayin'  let me tell a motherfucker something
Ya'll motherfuckers want this money, bitch
You better earn this motherfucking money

[Pre-verse]
Bitch let me show you something
My name's Dirt Dog, bitch ain't no frontin'
Bitch let me show you something
My name's Dirt Dog, bitch ain't no frontin
Bitch let me show you something
My name's Dirt Dog, bitch ain't no frontin

AAAAAAHHHH!!

[Verse 1]
Walking down the street dark, dark, night
Saw a pretty bitch caught my sight
Bitch so fine fine as can be
Bitch you know you belong to me
Drove over said how you be
Bitch you know my name's Dirt Dog Dirt MC
Dirt Dog I know what you about
Bitch get the fuck in the car!!
Drove her to my house
Aaaaahhh to my house
Open the door take off your clothes
Throw'em on the floor took off my clothes
Show'em my dick
Bitch dis something that you'll never forget
On the 1st punch started to scream
On the 2nd punch started to have a bad dream
On the 3rd punch started to cry
Dirt Dog I don't wanna die
Well shut the fuck up!!
Pussy ain't nuttin but a skin on your bone
You can fuck it you can suck you can leave it alone
25 cents is the regular price
50 cents you can fuck it twice
75 cents you can fuck it to the bone
And a dollar' worth leave it alone[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Ol' Dirty kickin' your ass
The things that you learnt in class, is trash
You can't do nothing with it, I put you in the past
The pilgrim muthafuckas -- shut the fuck up!
I do it to you bad luck, the hair get plucked
The only thing on your brain is to give me this cash
And stay out of business, cuz I'm takin' your cash
This world belong to me, none of y'all free
I got y'all in -- slavery
The habit of breathing, the hope to find
That you're misbehaving, Link your Cuban
Fuck your booing, flash the burners
On your crewing, cuz I'm much different from
The other M.C.'s, I got the amazing ability
I get on the mic, so you can have a ball (break that break)
I can fly through the air and stick to the wall
I can take a punch, or get hit by a car
Could go to the nearest or farthest star
As a matter of fact, that's what I won't talk about
How I'm going outer space, just to be in the house
How I'm going outer space, ---- -- be in the house

[Hook 7X: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Break that break (nah-nah-nah-nah)

[U-God]
I'm that mic enhancer, the beat programmer
When Ason Unique speak, he throw hammers
And we go bananas over old school breaks
I take an old school loop and break it on yo face
I start from a clean slate, bang you on the waistline
Deep Space Nine, Math smash the bass line
I break spines, til they fraction or splinter
I want Michael Jackson money, just a fraction of Thriller
Deep in, the laboratory, manufacture the Zilla
Cock, notch category, capture the realer
We the ex-drug dealers, still serving them fiends
With TV's in the car, the size of movie screens
You know the routine, give 'em what they need
That disco shit, satisfaction guaranteed

[Hook 7X]

[Masta Killa]
Yeah, 1-2-3, microphone check
In the place to be, as you can see
This is Wu-Tang Clan guest starring M.C
With no harm intended, nobody offended
Carry on with the social, nothing but a party tonight
Special invite, ladies free before midnight
We lock the club down, clash sound hear the guns pop
See D.J.'s spin, counter clock, keep gridlocked
Line around the block, women by the flock
Wanna party with the great, I reap Jamel
Ring bells throughout the state
Diggin' in the crates, for the old school
Remix, nice it up for the people
Ladies want the hardest stiff, to spread eagle

[Hook to fade][Intro]
Shit. Word. I bust that nigga ass right now
Ain't none of them niggas can't fuck with me
What? Nigga you could never fuck with me, my nigga
I'll fuck you up right now! What? What? What?
Bust your motherfucking ass boy!
I ain't no motherfucking joke, you know who you talking to?
(Word up, bust that nigga ass, word up)
Ol' Dirty Bastard, I fuck you up right now

[Verse 1]
I'm the one-man army, Ason
I never been tooken out, I keep MCs looking out
I drop science like Cosby dropping babies
Enough to make a nigga go crazy
In the G-Building, taking all types of medicines
Your ass thought you were better than
Ason, I keep planets in orbit
While I be coming with deeper and more shit
Enough to make you break and shake your ass
As I create rhymes good as a Tastykake makes
This style, I'm mastered in
Niggas catching headaches, what? What? You need Aspirin?
This type of pain, you couldn't even kill with Midol
Fuck around, get sprayed with Lysol
In your face like a can of mace, baby
Is it burning? Well, fuck it, now you're learning
How I don't even like your motherfucking profile
Give me my fucking shit: CH-CH-BLAOW!
Not seen and heard, no-one knows
You forget: niggas be quiet as kept
Now you know nothing
Before you knew a whole fucking lot
Your ass don't wanna get shot
A lot of MCs came to my showdown
And watched me put your fucking ass low down
As you can go, below zero
Without a doubt I never been tooken out
By a nigga, who couldn't figure
Yo by a nigga, who couldn't figure
Yo by a nigga, who couldn't figure (Brooklyn Zoo)
How to pull a fucking gun trigger
I said "Get the fuck outta here!"
Nigga wanna get too close, to the utmost
But I got stacks that'll attack any wack host
Introducing - yo fuck that nigga's name
My Hip Hop drops on your head like rain
And when it rains it pours, cause my rhymes hardcore
That's why I give you more of the raw
Talent that I got will riz-ock the spot
MCs I'll be burning, burning hot
Whoa-hoa-hoa! Let me like slow up with the flow
If I move too quick, oh, you just won't know
I'm homicidal when you enter the target
Nigga get up, act like a pig trying to hog shit
So I take yo ass out quick
The mics, I've had it my nigga, you can suck my dick
If you wanna step to my motherfucking rep
CH-CH-BLOAW! BLOAW! BLOAW! Blown to death
You got shot cause you knock knock knock
"Who's there?" Another motherfucking hardrock
Slacking on your macking cause raw's what you lack
You wanna react? Bring it on back

[Hook]
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
(Repeat x5)[Intro]
One two, one two -- you taping this?
All types of shit yo let that shit ride
Word to mother, turn up the microphone!
Get all that good shit, get all that good shit [one two, one two]
One two, one two, one two... one two
Now niggas know
Ssssshhhit, yo yo check this out, check this joint
This is strictly for the radio, yo
I just want all y'all to know
The reason why I curse is because my momma and my daddy
They grew up cursin
So please respect my style, please!

[Verse 1: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
I'll grab the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamin-u
Ohh, sssshit, nahh
I'll grab the mic and now I damage ya, cut your whole staminuh
Here comes the medical examinuh
One verse then you out for the count
Bring the ammonia make sure he sniffs... the right amount
Ya yo, I'm sorry, un-gah-e-gas-e-ya

I'll grab and the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamiNUH
Here comes the medical examiNUH
One verse then you're out for the count
Bring the ammonia, make sure he sniffs the right amount
Wake you up and then I ask you
How do you intend this --
Competition to get an asssss kickin sooooo tremendous, RARRH!
You shouldn't bother this
Leave me alone like a son he'll be fatherless!
I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco
Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco
And MC's start to vanish
I rolled up on a jet black kid the nigga started speakin spanish
Yo! You wasn't from Panana!!
I asked you how you get so fuckin dark, you said suntama
He responded so fast, you made me laugh
Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH scared-his ass!
Kick the hundred strongest rhymes
Then I brought out the punk in him
Roll up with the strong five deadly venoms
Told HIM! Enter the Wu-Tang!
Witness the Shaolin slang, that crush any shit you bring
I watch your ass take a big fall, why?!
My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball
And as you step up to bat man, I play the riddler
You try to do me for my nigga I'll change to Hitler
I'll go out like Nazi, wish your fuckin ass stayed
Home and play Yahtzee!
Or watchin Happy Days sweatin Poxie
With Ralphie and Cunningham, Joni and Chachi

[Yo Unique, yo kid
Check this shit out! Yo, yo]

[Verse 2: Ghostface Killah]
Ninety-five niggas is wasted
Keystone capered, and Wu kept the rap fiends basted
Foamin out the mouthpiece, heads blown like geese
Murderous police, I do shows and perform in Grease
It's not magic, gaming is the gadget
World classic big national high attracts dear graphics
Lampin in my own zone, my physical show
Inhale bones Tony stuck, for the diamond in Rome
He's convincin, labelled one man rap convention
The nigga that'll gun down, eighty frenchmen
Lead vocalist, music specialist, rap arsonist
I deal with sharpness plus spark the hardest individual
I plant crimes inside vocals
My rap's like my passport, my life's my proof
Hit the sun roof, be out like a wanderin dream
Shuttle, and get startled off the verbal hygiene, my nigga

[Sample of Damage]
[Sample of Baby C'mon]
[Sample of Brooklyn Zoo]
[Sample of Drunk Game (Sweet Sugar Pie)]
[Sample of The Stomp]

Shame on you when you step through to
Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
Shame on you when you step through to
Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo!
What?!! My nuh
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo
Shame on you when you step through to
THe Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo
To the West coast!
To the East coast!
To the North coast
To the South
When you take North, East, West, South
Put it all together and it spell NEWS!
Then you got the ol rhythm, bastard blues
And ya don't stop
So keep your shit, motherfucker, fucker, fucker!

[Live concert][Intro]
Dear Ol' Dirty Bastard, no no
Dear, Baby Jesus, no that's not it
Dear Dirt McGirt, aw yeah yeah yeah
Look, man it's this girl that I really like man
And, I want to get her to notice me
So, I just wanted some advice on
What should I do to like, get her to come my way
Write back soon, your biggest fan, Rhymefest

[Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Why do you build me up (build me up) buttercup
Baby just to let me down (just to let me down)
Mess me around, and then worst of all (worst of all)
You never call baby when you say you will (when you say you will)
But I love you still, I need you! (I need you!)
More than anyone darlin; you know that I have from the start
Build me up (build me up)
Buttercup, don't break my heart

[Rhymefest]
Look, c'mon
Have you ever met a girl, come into your world
Cracked the safe, put your brain on sterile
Activate and leave stains like curls
Sophisticate, and make you feel so world
Ahhh, there it is - so liberated
Ridin in a sports car, so ventilated
Joggin in a sports bra, so titillated
Chick so Hood, but not refrigerated
Look McGirt, I don't wanna trouble ya
But this chick on my block, I'm in love with her
I wanna get up in her Bush like Dubya
Tryin to get up in her Bush like Dubya
So write me back, let me know
How I'm 'sposed to hit it when I got no dough
How I'm 'sposed to spit it when I got no flow
Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy ya, shimmy yo
Oh (woo-hoo-hoooo)

[Hook]

[Rhymefest]
I just wanna talk to her
But I'm me and this girl is so popular
Mr. Dirty gave me his binoculars
From a distance I just started watchin her
Then I met her at Hills on the Southside
Bought her chicken and fries, with coleslaw side
She ain't say thanks enough, that's all pride
I don't care about her manners, I just let it slide
I just think about fuckin you everyday
And just sink in the back of my Chevrolet
All that chicken you ate and you never paid
Take my order, can I have a breast or leg?
Would you fin' to say no, oh, how's that so?
After I came here and spent all my dough?
"Look boy it's chicken, what is you broke?"
Then I got scared and said it's a joke
Gave her a hug and stole her a Coke

[Hook]

[Rhymefest]
Dear Dirty, thanks for the advice and everything man
It didn't really work out with this chick this time
She wasn't that buttercup, she was just another slut man
But you know what? I'm just gonna say forget about it man
I'mma go get a movie, you haven't seen "Harry Met Sally" yet?
It's kinda like what I'm goin through; aww, whatever
C'mon!

Yeah
This is for everybody lookin for that perfect girl man
Sometimes you ain't got all the money in the world
And you ain't got all the looks in the world but
You can still find that buttercup
Don't let her build you up and break you down man
You build it up, whatever, yo freak for me
Make sure she like to fuck though, heh
That's always important isn't it?

[ODB] Expect you're the one for meeeeeeeeeee
[Fest] Yo Dirt, pack your bags, let's go
[ODB] Girrrrl, the way you give brains to meeeeeeeeeee
[Fest] Yo Dirt, it's over G![Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Baby Sham)]
Yo, this Dirt McGirt representin' Brooklyn
We gettin' ready to wreck shit up, downtown, uptown
(Boroughs, ya'll niggas better know it's something) Wu-Tang, bitch
(Get ya fuckin' head punched ya fuckin' shoulders, duke
This is how we do, everyday, blast through your motherfuckin' speaker, nigga)
Bastards!

[Hook: Baby Sham]
Uh, we be so caked up, ya'll best wake up
It's just us and we livin' this up
We sip that cognac, then lean far back
It's just us, and we flippin' the truck
Don't be so gassed up, be foul, assed up
When them coroners, pickin' you up
First you was in a black tux, now you all axed up
You smashed what, like you givin' it up

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
I'm good with them free throws, like I play ball
When the war is on, it's McGirt that you call
The last man standing, heavy with the cannon
Come through on a bike, with a bulletproof, prancin'
Leave you in your pearl, put you on the porch, dancin'
And leave your brains on the back of a white shirt
While they playin' some old school shit by Al and Bert
(To all my bitches that smell like perfume, Dirt McGirt be here for you baby)
I'm not gonna stop til I'm under the dirt

[Hook]

[Baby Sham]
You can never be as half as me
Cuz one thing'll lead to another, cock sucker, melt ya knees
And make sure that your casket's deep
Cuz my trigger finger's itchin' like Athlete's feet
So stand wise, when you meet the chief
And watch your movements in the circle of the ultra-beast
I'm that nigga that'll culture speak
Whose gon' ride, whose gon' die, divorce your peeps
It get's worse on the down reaking
So please, dog, do you a favor, move from around me
Cuz I set my boundaries, you wanna know where I'm from
Ask Bust' where he found me, true B
Paper chasin', Franklin' raping
And for sure, I'm gonna make my statement
And believe that the shit is taken
Cuz the gun, playin' long, like vacations

[Hook]

[Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
We lay the law down, motherfucker
Big Moses in the motherfucker house
Any way that nigga go out, that's how the nigga go out
Grand capo[Hook: sample]
Some people get caught up
Some try and get rolled up
Some people... (x9)

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Ol' Dirty kickin' your ass
The things that you learnt in class is trash
You can't do nothin' wit' it, I put you in the past
You broken motherfuckers, shut the fuck up
I do it 'til you bad luck and head gets plucked
The only thing on your brain is to give me this cash
Stay out of my business cause I'm takin' your tash
This struggle on the ming, non of y'all bring
I got y'all in.. flavouring

Chorus x2

[Mack 10]
I seem to fuck about a bitch or a crooked ass cop
I'm a burst that, it's dealin', the hustle don't stop
I got stones and hairone, ecstasy and weed
Meth, imphetamine, sherm, sticks and speed
Pay it high wid, dope is all I got to give
I'm a ghetto nigga dog so I get it how I live
Got money, lock 'em off, fuckers still I got drama
Got two strike dog and five baby mamas
With new strain I maintain, I'm ready and willin'
To keep change on niggas brains to keep the blood spillin'
I hate it but it ain't complicated, it's real simple
Fuck with me and know you get a hole in your temple
I ain't gonna play you niggas, I'mma slay you niggas
Don't take but a few figures and a few new triggers
Mack 10 livin' legend, every West coast rhymin'
Straight hoo bangin' gangsta and all rhymin' sodom, it's bad

Chorus x2

[Royal Flush]
Shut up, let me talk for a minute, alot of bull shit on my mind
Dealin' with crime, alot of y'all dealin' wid rhymes
Stuck on the grind, crackheads cookin' my pies
Startin' off on the 1-2-5, the block's mine
Bucket the spine, DH tryna tap my line
Stop my producitons, wanna know my money discussions
Who I roll wid, "buy so many cars is he legitin' of my dick"
It didn't matter when I ain't have shit
They done watch me in helicopters, parklin' in my crib
All I wanna feed is my kids, no time to do a bid
Feel me, I forced the whole guns a while for my ones
Didn't sell drugs, where the money come from?
No school, no job, no bitch, no food, fuck that
Do what I do to make my shit true
And I make it hard on them boys who blew they cats charges
If I go to jail you know I'm blowin' on the Sergeants

Chorus x5[Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Goldy Hawn)]
Every horror movie they can attack ya ass
If you fuckin' wit the Ol' Dirt Dog
Bitch what's his name... in Wu-Tang
Bitch, if you didn't hear it muthafuckin'
You heard it now, on radio 98.7
"Time to go to sleep"
(Aight, it's time for ya bitch ass muthafuckas to go to sleep, then
Big Bad Wolves, niggas
Yo son, aiyo Dirt you ready, ready?) I'm ready, I'm ready
All you bitches ready to go steady
(Yo, hit them niggas wit that shit, son)
To the girls over there (to the bitches)
To the niggas over there (to my niggas)
From the front, to the back, packed everywhere
Wanna get smacked out the atmosphere (you wanna get smacked?)
My name is Dirt Dog, bitch, I don't know where and how
My name is Dirt Dog, and in pilgrim, you smile
Bitch you get murdered from the first start
(Aiyo, God, you gotta fuck the shit up iller than
The that shit son, right there, man, for real man?)
Turn it up, turn it up, turn the headphones up
(Word?) One-two, one-two (one-two ya'll)
It don't stop ya'll (it don't, ya'll)
Won't stop ya'll

[Hook 6X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Goldy Hawn]
Children sik 'em (children sik 'em)

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Murder was the first artwork obtained
A nigga didn't know the seven half ounces of brain
You try to maintain, you didn't know the slang
My name is from the Wu-Tang, nigga, I kill a buttfucka up to slain
Nigga, Wu-Tang, you could never ever hang
I said it again and again and again
Nigga you fooled cuz you didn't know this
Cuz I'm the specialist

[Hook 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (sampled kids)]
Children sik 'em (when they're gonna get you)
Children sik' 'em (when they're gonna get you)
Children sik 'em (I'm not asleep)
Children sik 'em (it's time to go to sleep)

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
You didn't have no power to predict in them
The Dirt Dog came wit the natural handsome and slim
Style that came wit the buckwild
Nigga, I taught 'em, nigga I treat 'em
Nigga, don't know how to reach them
My name is Dirt Dog I keep those speeches in
From down down Martin Luther King to Malcolm X
I make the niggas come up and give recess
Blaow! She don't know my Elijah Muhammed style
Fuck a nigga up wild, I am up on the couch
The Dirt Dog nigga, never foul
Fuck a nigga up, a spirit attack ya wild
How? Cuz hip hop don't stop the groove, ya'll
I make a nigga caution at the smooth yard
Styles that make you wanna roll up in the streets
And go up in ya house, because ya streets and ya house is talkin' to you
You want to get a haunted house Amittyville
What you, what you say, and do

[Hook 2X]

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
I grew up, in the L.P. crew
Muthafucka, me, Ro' and Johnny Q
Nigga Johnny, attackin' on ya analog ass niggas
Cuz you was on the dick and you wasn't fuckin' lookin' at me
Master Born, and on top of them niggas, you was rollin' wit me
Shit, RZA came through and Popa Wu
Muthafucka, we ran ya whole muthafuckin' crew
Don't act like we didn't know what the fuck to do
Muthafucka, we taught ya bitch ass kung fu, too
What, what, you wanna talk about?
You won't know know no kung fu if I'm not in ya house
Dirt Dog, yo' Busta Rhymes I ain't got nothin' against you
But ya fucked my boo, it's all good, nigga, true
Dirt Dog, do it for you, hip hop don't fuck wit me, who
How, when, what, where, gonna get you

[Hook 2X]

[Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
And if you ever go against the nigga, you die
Enough dyin', enough unmultiplyin'
White boys, white girls, when you hear this noise
Go crazy, attack a nigga like a muthafuckin'
Muthafuckin', animal, savage, beast
Comin' through ya muthafuckin' house
Bitch, you couldn't reach
This style that's fuckin' you upIntro:
Yo, are you taping baby?
Baby are you taping?
Ohh yeahhahhahheeyahhhyahhhhohhhyahhhh
Baby baby c'mon, baby c'mon, baby c'mon
What the fuck anybody wanna do?
Right motherfucking now!
Ahhahhahhhah

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
I'm the God who's ahead of the Lords
Dirty Bastard from the Wu-Tang squad
Can I get raw, yes I get Dirty to the floor
Rhymes, hittin on your mind, you could never ignore
Hip-hop to me is like a place to be
My specialTY from me to you is emCEE
Say what you wanna sayyyahhh, baby sayahh
I flip the microphone-ah, any dayahh
I'm mad swift because I got that gift of gab
Niggas get mad, your ass stink never had
This talent that I got will resound the spot
MC's, you got paid a lot
You ever notice a black man damn mostly slams
When it come to the money yo it ain't funny
It's what you gotta do what you got to do
C'mon, can I get a Wu-Tang
Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang
Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, it's on your brain
I get riggy diggy raw when it's time to get
On the dancefloor shotgun kill the shit
BLAOW, then you won't step to me
Thinking is he really raw as he said he'd be
If I wasn't really raw, standing here on the floor
You'd be like BOOOOO HE AIN'T NO HARDCORE
Niggas play like they live but won't survive
Jumpin up and down ticklin that jive when you ticklin gab
I'm an average man, G-O-D fan
Let it be known who's the champ, Wu-Tang Clan!
It's coming through and WU, boy it's bad too!
Throw your hands in the air, if you don't care
WHO, the Ol Dirty Bastard be
Oh me on my, you be hoppin on my shit just like a fly
BZZZZZT, all around
The dirtiest stinkin sound down to the ground
What what, what you wanna do?
What you wanna do when I'm coming for you?
I'm gonna give it to ya, bayyybah, bayybah
Bayybahhhahahahahahahahahahah...[Intro]
Y'all no nothing 'bout the pimp game
I wanna thank Rick James for letting me do this song, thank you very much

[Verse 1]
Who are you? Girl, who do you belong to?
My point of view is, girl, I think you're hot
If we halt, what words will I describe
There's no dictionary book to explain how you look
Cause I think you're hot (Sexy, sexy, sexy)

[Hook]
Cold blooded!
Girl, I think you're hot (Sexy, sexy, sexy)

[Verse 2]
Who are you? Girl, what's your name and number?
Is it true? Girl, you think I'm hot
If we tried to get to know each other
You might find, you couldn't trade me for another
Cause I think you're so (Sexy, sexy, sexy)

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Sweetheart baby, touch me girl where I wanna be touched
Don't ever complain, got ya in a cobra clutch
Love me tender, love me sweet
I wanna bust this nut in a superfreak
Oh, you're a superfreak, fuck me anywhere
You ain't scared to ever do a do or dare
I wanna undress you, hold your loosie tight
And I won't cum all night!

[Hook][Hook 2X: Swizz Beatz]
Ol' Dirty make the girls say
Come on, clap, come on, clap, come on, clap
Come on, everybody, come on, clap
Come on, yo

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane
No it's Dirt McGirt, ain't a damn thing changed
Just put spinners on a brand new Range
When I walk up in the party everything seem strange
Oooh, must be that Roc-A-Fella chain
I mixed it up, with that Wu-Tang slang
That college girl over there, she give good brain
When I pull out my gun, it goes chitty bang bang
I love 'em fat bitches cuz they titty hang hang
When I'm trying to get some food stamps, to buy some champagne
When you in the senior cars, gonna make you switch lanes
Blame it on the muthafucking game

[Hook 2X]

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Now, come, get some, you little bum
I'm Dirt McGirt, still living in the slums
Yeah, that's where I'm from
And I got enough liquor, you can all get some
The Swizz Beatz drum, bang through your speaker
I don't want no bud, cuz that ain't no good reefer
Forget from the Dirt, though, I'm the grim reaper
And I might hit it once and pass to my man Peter
Adios see ya, would hate to be ya
Your man talk shit, I'mma put him in the sleeper
So get down, get down, like James Brown
Roc-A-Fella money got me feeling lot better now

[Hook 2X]

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Oooh, love it when you shake it to the ground
You serve in town, ODB comes around
Blaow, listen to my drunken style
Got enough Chambers, I can hit it going wild
Rims on my truck is bigger than a cow
Chpaow! Jewellery cost more than your house
If you cooking in your kitchen, get the fuck out
Make them scream and shout "McGirt, get in the house"
Dude gonna air it, I'm barricade, pull it out
If I ain't got my gun, I hit you with the Guinness Stoute
I'm back, buzzed, hit you with a different route
Peace Mariah, for getting a nigga the fuck out

[Hook 2X][Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard, Ludacris]
Slide out ya clothes, and baby take off your shoes
That coochie got me so confused, that I don't know what to do
(Taste so sweet) daddy, divine, I got a woman so fine
That I gotta have it, like a rabbit, almost all of the time

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
I knew this hotty named Janine, and she lived out in Queens
And she had a body, kinda like a horse, if you know what I mean
So I saddled up, more bang for the buck, cuz she was splurging my cash
And I'm alright, cuz every night, when I got to the crib, was hurting that ass
She used to tell me how much she loved me and how much she need me
How she can't wait to get home and rub me, and hug me and squeeze me
And after that, she just popped that bubbly, and touched me and teased me
And when she was mad, she would push and shove me, and fuck me and feed me
I gotta admit, I would spoiled and rotten, dirty down to the core
And I'm insane, almost to the point where I really don't want it no more
But never that, I got back on track, and I had to put it together
Because without 'em, my world is gone, so slip away, I won't let her, I tell her

[Hook]

[Ludacris]
I know this, girl named Anna, she was from Alabama
She had some cooch, that had me driving back and forth from Atlanta
Anna was a full grown independent woman with a car and a house on the hill
And no words can explain, how the hell she be making me feel
She knew just how to move them hips, she was like a gift
With a little bitty bow on top
Ripped my presents open, lights out, but the show don't stop
She got busy in the back of the custom four door drop
Freshly dipped from the Fendi shades to the Polo socks
Give it to me like a song I wrote, aren't I dope?
On that note, she was just my kind
A penny for my thoughts, always on my mind
Explain why her name's over all my rhymes
No woman got me using up all my time
Crazy in the head, all off my grind
Believe me or not, I've done lost my mind

[Hook]

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
I knew this honey named Renee, and she lived in BK
And I only hit it one time, now I call her everyday
And she said I'm gettin' on her nerves, cuz I'm lost for words
Infatuated by her beauty, and her wonderful curves
I said, bitch, I'm Dirt McGirt, fresh out and back on the scene
And don't you ever in your life, turn ya back on a king
I got something to prove, I done got my groove back, and all in the loop
Once papa got a brand new weave bag, and some blue suede shoes
I got another pep in my step, and a whole new glide in my stride
Put sixty thousand on my neck, and a million dollar look in my eye
And then she thought it, by the attraction, said I could hit it again
And I been waiting for this moment, since I got out the pen, I tell her

[Hook]"C'mon baby, c'mon c'mon baby" repeats
In background all throughout the song

"You bitches can't do nothin" repeats
In background through intro

[Intro: ODB]
It's Ol' Dirty Bastard and shit, know'm sayin?
I wanna give a big shout out to my nigga Lou
KnowI'msayin? You know, you know, know
I wanna lock all the bitches down
I wanna lock all the bitches down from the North
To East, to West, to South
KnowI'msayin?
I wanna.. help me put these bitches in my trance
I want y'all to suck my lizard
You bitches wanna fuck me when you smell my under-arms

[ODB]
I'll make yo' dick disappear
I ain't hearin' anymore weird sounds in the air
PSSSSSSS... you can't purr no more
You wanna kneel and suck dick? I'mma keep your throat sore
Bitch you got herpes in ya ass
Every time you fuck a nigga, he dies fast
And you won't last
The pussy break down from a rash
It's hard for you to walk, cuz you stuck up in your ass
Don't ask me for no cash
You better not be tellin' me to give them no cash
Ash, bash, crash, sad ass

[Hook: ODB]
Give me a little of that Cracker Jack
You ain't caramel coated Cracker Jack
Well surprise, bitch you gonna get waxed
That's that shit, you can't do nothin' about

[ODB]
Girls ain't pretty to me anymore
Cuz you ain't bein a real whore
Ooh, you ain't a real whore
*I'm gettin' hot and touchin' myself!*
You can't say, wear nails anymore
You ain't givin a, manicure
Suckin' my dick is gonna be your cure
If you don't, your punishment
You can't get off until you suck my dick
Physically I operate your brain to function
Give me anything, that I want and
ALL GIRLS WANNA FUCK ME EVERYDAY
And give me that, the money
Don't even know it happens naturally
Especially when I'm playin with the chemistry
THE MONEY COMIN TO ME FIRST
You gonna keep dyin til you die from thirst
I WANT A DIFFERENT GIRL EVERYDAY
If you wanna die, you gotta drink my sperm
The other way to die, is eat a can of worms

Chorus 3X

[Outro: ODB]
Give me a little...
Yo, I love you girls cuz you wanna stick your tongue up in my ass
Or you can't taste, smell, touch or hear, or see
I got you in a smash, give me it!

[Instrumental for next 58 seconds][Verse: GZA]

Let's drink wine from the purest grapevine and rhyme
Out my motherfucking mind
Metal shine, light blind, cut the mic line
Catch juice from the lamp pole
Fifteen twenty-inch woofers blow the manhole
Made the street crack, massive feedback
Allah Math spin the beat back
The crowd look while the stage shook
Carpenters made errors
Craftsmen had his head severed
Pyroclastic flow, heavy like tons of snow
Wrote this rhyme in video, verbal assassin
Blastin, exploit your break through explosively
Echo chamber ate that rap up ferociously
Gain control, optimize the input channel
I set it relatively high for those on a panel
CD with the durable long-life cover
Very similar to no other
I seen a million try to set afloat, thousands that show
Observe with the patience of watching a flower grow
But one individual they forgot to frisk so
Now his pursuit is not without risk
A special no thanks for being flank
While journalists stay runnin in front of tanks
Flew out first class, came back, closed task
Rough path surfaces, no math
Military campaign, bust shots, cause inflammation of the brain
Beat Crazy Eddie insane
Feel the pain, niggas reign

[Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard]
I'm gonna crash your crew