[Intro]
DRUGZ:  Yo Debonaire, there's that girl you tried to talk to!
DEB:  Word!
DRUGZ:  Hey yo, baby, c'mere, yo, why you tryin' to front on my man
Debonaire?
ANGIE:  Debonaire?
DRUGZ:  Yeah
ANGIE:  Uh-uh.  All the girls tell me that he's no good
DRUGZ:  Oh, aaight, I ain't gon' argue, but yo, wussup with me?  My name is
Drugz!
ANGIE:  Look, all you Poison Clan brothers are no good

[Verse 1:  Debonaire]
Debonaire's bad and so I'm called the Devil's Dad
I kick the funky stuff because I'm rough, and I'ma add
That, girls, I cold leave 'em, I totally deceive 'em
I soothe and then relieve 'em, and then you best believe I'm
Audi 5000, and I find another bitty
They tell me it's a pity, I want to get the whole city
Girl, so don't you be shocked, you best to get set
Women say I'm sick, but ask me have I seen a vet yet?
Naw, I just keep on, I keep ho-in'
I keep goin' nowhere and, I can't stop and so in
About a two year period I think I'll put Jim in
Wait up, lemme see, well, about a hunderd women
(Damn!)  Because of that, lots of women wanna hate ya
But I'm sayin', yo, it's in my nature!

[Hook:  Angie Griffin]
According to the Poison Clan, you can never trust a man
I know a man would fool around, but I still can't understand

[Verse 2:  JT Money]
Lovin' and leavin', that's what I believe in
Yo!  I only think about me when I'm skeezin'
So, women get mad and call me everything from A to Z
But I don't care, cause you know, I'm the J to T
To the dollar sign, and you will hardly find
Another brother with a pipe game as good as mine
So I flaunt the gift that I was given
And don't ask because you know how I'm livin'
(True.) Bein' in love's for the birds; I ain't a pigeon
They say love is blind; I got 20/20 vision
(Word.)  So if you don't want your feelings hurt
Don't be on my back like you a Poison Clan t-shirt
And when I tell you these things, it's not to make you
Mad at me, but you should know it's in my nature

[Hook]

[Verse 3:  Debonaire]
Women crowd around and say, "Look how insane he acts!"
When they need to check out Drugz and Uzi, man, they're maniacs
It's facts that I'm kickin', so girl, ain't nothin' made up
I'm talkin' on a straight-up
But still you're sayin' to hold up and wait up
You think I'm lyin', while talkin' of my nature then
It's not my fault that all the women wanna hate ya when
People can't help it, they shouldn't wanna hate ya
But they think it's voluntary, not just in my nature

DRUGZ:  Yo, now you see what I'm sayin'?
Yo, Debonaire and JT, they ain't got  no flavor, but I'm versatille!
ANGIE:  Uh-uh, cause y'all run the same ol' game, day after day
DRUGZ:  Oh, naw, not me, baby, I'm different!
ANGIE:  Look, birds of a feather flock together
DRUGZ:  Hey yo, my name is Drugz, and I change up like the weather!

[Hook]

[Verse 4:  JT Money]
People say the things I do to women make 'em rowdy
Lie to get down, bang the boots, then I'm Audi
5 on a mission, see I'm not dissin'
As long as there's fish in the sea, I'll be fishin'
Cause one's not enough; I ain't a wimp, I'm a pimp
And uh, I ain't lonely for no relationships!
You wanna be the girl that I hate?  I ain't frontin'
Cause this ain't The A-Team, slim, You Gets Nothin'
No money, no clothes, or a lil' kiss
None of that unless you like gettin' dissed!
I act this way, not because I hate ya
But you should know, it's in my nature

[Hook]Verse 1
[Debonaire] Everybody that we see'll be shocked and stunned
Cause it's me, Debonaire, the man that's done
The impossible.  Now the people stop and stare
I got richer than the richest man of the year
JT, Deb and Drugz, better known as the Poison Clan
Made a plan to get even richer than
The Rockefellers, and any other fellas
Now we own docks, bond-stocks swellers
Other investments to stay on top
You would need a reservation to shop where I shop
I be drinkin' Moet in a private jet
Thinkin' shit I'll put down on New York just yet
When I talk about buyin', my partner says ...
[JT Money]  Yo, I'ma buy the White House and rent it out to the Prez
Cause I'm rich as hell, my (bitches wail/bitch as well)
Got clientele, because the records sell
Take champagne baths, girlies make me laugh
They be pantin' and sweatin' just to get on my staff
Made the President a resident on Money Street
Since I'm Money, money talks so I don't have to speak
Wear designer clothes, macks out on the road
Got a dog named Dollar with a mouth full o' gold
My lifestyle seems fancy; all my fans see
The Money-Man is grand; the Clan enhanced me
Try to creep the Clan, you better out run
A solid gold silver-bullet-shootin' shotgun
I'm spoiled rotten, and you can plainly see
That your boy Richie Rich ain't got nothin' on me
But now that we're rich, our old friends are forgotten
Now that the Poison Clan's spoiled rotten

Verse 2:  Debonaire
I make bucks deluxe, wear a tux to chill
So fly, I'd die and get my face on a bill
Any ho that ain't freakin', I ain't speakin' cause
Even when I wasn't rich I had the hoes that was
That was spendin' off sluts, but the choice of the girls
Cause Teddy Rux sucks when compared to pearls
Friends speakin' I'm the best, I never brag
But the ladies pledge allegiance to me like a flag
I use dollar bills for napkins, a golden spoon
Got service doin' chores for this tycoon
I got a fort identical to Scrooge McDuck's
And my cash is transported in army trucks
I got enough paper to buy a skyscraper
I used to own an acre; now I own Jamaica
I'm never caught braggin' 'bout a cellular phone
I'd rather talk about the crib I call home sweet home
In a sauna, if I wanna, I'll relax 'till dawn
All I do is think about it and the lights come on
All you see is champagne, never juice or punch
And a single drop of water and a pill makes lunch
With the book of world records, I gotta agree
That the only person rich as me is JT
And none of my old friends are forgotten
Now that Debonaire's spoiled rotten

Verse 3:  JT Money
Mr. Jackpot, on a yacht and whatnot
I hate to brag, but check it out:  I got
Style and finesse, dollar sign on my chest
I guess my guests get impressed when I sport guests
So I do.  Must have been God-sent
Cause I donate to charity every car I dent
Burn dollar bills for incense, imported mink -
This describes my carpet, so I can't spill drinks
Play shuffleboard aboard my hip when aboard
Ain't a thing these days that I can't afford
Got silk pajamas, I own llamas
Half the Bahamas, clothes designers
People need to let me know my gear's ready
Cash seems petty when treated like confetti
My amount amounts too high and steeps solo
I wear Polo while playin' Polo
I'm rich as fuck, so the bitches fuck
Don't ask me why, I guess it's just my luck
To have a chauffer, and minks of fur, my own gopher
Fat bank account - somethin' to think about
Spoiled rotten lifestyle is state of the art
It's so rich we play Poker with credit cards
But now that I'm rich, my old friends are forgotten
Now that JT Money's spoiled rotten(Yo, my nigga, fuck that bitch!  Tell them all they good for!)

Verse 1:  JT Money
Time for them bitches with the
Weave and bangols, big ear rings, and jangols
Walkin' 'round town lookin' all pretty
Actin' all seditty, attitude shitty!
You can't front on me, bitch, I know ya ass
You was valedictorian of my class
Used to copy your papers, you lil' nerd
Now you tryin' to get fly?  That shit's for the birds!
Seen you every day jumpin' in cars
BMW's, Benz's and Jaguars
Guess you're lettin' all the dope niggas hit ya
See you on the picture, lettin' three get ya
I remember when niggas couldn't touch you
Sold you a buck or two, now they can fuck you!
You got to rap, now I guess that's kinda fun
Because you made projects from 1991
Simply nothin', ho!  You gets nothin', ho!
Seen you on film, and now you're frontin'?  Yo
Bitch, don't try to flauge, cause all you good for
Is some head and a back massage!

All they good FOR! (4x)

Verse 2:  JT Money
I know this bitch who fucked niggas with big money
Now she got a big tummy, lookin' like a big dummy
Told another ho she fiendin' for John Doe
Don't even know his last name and claims she gettin' John's dough
Ho, you ain't nothin' but a trick bitch
Schemin' on niggas, tryin' to get rich
Talkin' bout, "So-and-so is my nigga,"
Sittin' on your ass while your bank account's gettin' bigger
But one nigga bust you up and ran
Now you stuck with a baby on your hands
Lookin' at the next man?  Don't even bother
It's not my fault you don't know your baby's father
You wouldn't know the nigga now if you see him!
Only thing you know is that the nigga drives a BM
Seen (?), now you layin' on the mattress
Don't know his name, phone number or his address
And you even needs that to get a case
Dumb bitch, lookin' like shit in the face
Sit yo' ass down, take the loss, and
Use that burgundy check for an abortion
Cause, ho, you can never live large
All you good for is some head and a back massage

All they good FOR!
Bitch, all you good FOR!
Trick ho, all you good FOR!
Stinkin' mouth bitch, all you good FOR!
Slut, all you good FOR!
Get off my dick, HOE!
(Heyyyyy, just gimme some more!)

Verse 3:  JT Money
I hate bitches that try to play dumb
I got 99 motherfuckin' problems; a bitch ain't one
See hoes walkin' 'round with tight clothes
In spandex - blacks, even white hoes!
Lookin' like sluts!  Draws up they butt
And they frontin' and want to fuck!
They ain't nothin' but dick-teasers
Need to stop fakin' and let a nigga skeeze ya
Or you'll be The Bitch That I Hate
Or a motherfuckin' victim of date rape
I know you're with it, so just get it and just shut up
Get in your stance, face down and your butt up
Come out that skirt and that shirt so I can insert
Go to work, do your dirt, make it hurt, then squirt
On your back, like a mack is supposed to
Grab the dick, make it spit on your clothes too
Cause all you do is SPLAK!
Talkin' 'bout whippin' me?  Oh, bitch, it ain't all that!
JT Money is TOO large!  And all you good for
Is some head and a back massage!

All they good FOR!
Stinkin' mouth bitch, all you good FOR!
Stank pussy ho, all you good FOR!
Stupid-ass trick, you know what I want!

Just suck a nigga' dick, ho!DEB:  Hey baby, I'm outta here, I'm goin' to work
BITCH:  Bitch, you know you ain't goin' to no motherfuckin' work!  You
Prob'ly goin' 'round one of them long-cock slimy hoes'
Motherfuckin' house!
DEB:  Oh, you callin' me a liar, bitch?  I'll fuck you up in here!
BITCH:  Who you gon' fuck up?  You gon' GET fucked up!  I'm tired, every
Time I motherfuckin' turn around, a bitch comin' to me talkin'
'bout, you fuckin' with them ...
DEB:  Hey, hold up, hold up, check this out ...

Verse 1:  Debonaire
When you first moved in, you ain't talked so slick
All you had to do was clean and take dick
Knowin' that Deb would bring home the bacon
Everything was cool, but now you break him
Sayin' how I don't take you out
Like when we first met, but think about
This motherfucker that bought you cribs
Comin' home to fast food instead of home-cooked ribs
I ain't complained, but you go on
Talkin' 'bout shit like your period's on
Sayin' how I spend too much time
Away from you with those friends of mine
A nigga will be a nigga
And a ho will think that he's trying to egg her
So, bitch, you better get it straight
Before you become the bitch that I hate

BITCH:  JT, I ain't with that shit!  How you gon' be a dog and don't
Even know it 'round here, bullshittin' me like that?  You got me
Fucked up!  I deserve better bullshit than that!  I ain't with
All that fuck-shit, talkin' 'bout, "I don't do this, I don't do
That," man, you better come clean with that fuck-shit!  You
Know better than that!
JT: Hold up, hold up, let me straighten all this shit right here!

Verse 2:  JT Money
Constantly naggin' 'bout the things I don't do
But while I'm out workin', where the fuck are you?
You lay around my house, you ain't doin' shit
Matter fact, you startin' to make me sick
Always bitchin', cryin', yellin', and tryin'
To tell me how I'm doin' you wrong but you're lyin'
So be quiet, stop singin' the blues
Cause I know plenty hoes who wanna be in your shoes
So if I was you, baby, I'd just chill
Cause if I don't work, who'll pay the bills?
You sure don't work, so say that crap
All you do is make love and can't do that
You better sit y'butt down and rest your nerves
Before you find your shit somewhere out on the curb
Think about it, and get your shit straight
Before you become the bitch that I hate

BITCH:  Deb, yo' motherfuckin' ass think you slick, but I know you
And that ol' raggly-ass friend of yours, JT, be out there
Fuckin' them - oh, maybe one-dollar, two-dollar-ass
Motherfuckin' hoes, but I know one thing, you better not bring
Nothin' home to me that penicillin can't motherfuckin' cure, bitch!
DEB:  Shit, I know you better stop that bitchin' and get yo' ass in the
Kitchen!
BITCH:  Motherfucker, you try and get YOUR motherfuckin' ass
In the ...
DEB:  Hold up, hold up, check it ...

Verse 3:  Debonaire
Constantly sayin' "I think you' a jerk";
That I'm lyin' 'bout the hours I work
Sayin' there must be another only
Well, I'ma say, instead of bein' phony
Every motherfucker fools around
Definitely, and it may sound
Crazy, but most bitches say
If they gettin' paid, then their shit's OK
You gettin' cash and taken care of
It's a fact that you should be aware of
And stop worryin' 'bout the next ho
Cause you on top, and she's way below
So you better had get it straight
Before you become the bitch that I hate

BITCH:  You silk-suit-wearin' motherfuckers!  You don't even ask
Me to come to your motherfuckin' shows!  You must be out there
Fuckin' them groupie-ass hoes!  When y'ass come home, y'shit
Don't even get all hard, motherfucker ...
JT:  Hey, what the fuck you talkin' 'bout??
BITCH:  ... motherfucker, don't even try to cut me off!  You know
What the fuck up!
JT:  GodDAMN, baby, just listen to this shit!
BITCH:  You listen to that shit I just said!

Verse 4:  JT Money
Now we've been through all this shit before
Once I say it this time, I won't say it no more
It's a part of my job to take long trips
But when I get back, I'm gettin' flip of the lip
You're never home, and hard to find
And still talkin' 'bout, I don't spend time
With you.  Now tell me, who's duckin' who?
If you ask me, another nigga's fuckin' you
So say that crap, don't try to front
I gave you everything that you could possibly want
Without me, where would you be?
Takin' care of you sure ain't my responsibility
So hush your mouth, and kill that shit
Or find somebody else to stay with
Now think about that, and get your shit straight
Before you become the bitch that I hate[Sounds of typewriter clicking.]
INTERVIEWER {Debbie Bennett}:  We're here with JT Money, of the now
Infamous Poison Clan.  And JT, we want to hear it from your point of
View.  Tell us why you're always in trouble with the police.  Tell us about
School.  JT, your fans want to hear it from your point of view, in your
Own words.  JT?

Verse 1:  JT Money
Mary had a little lamb, and it was ME!
A rowdy motherfucker named JT
Problem child!  Got on, got strong
Now they say I'm buckwild!
But I ain't payin' them mind
The ol' girl used to say a hard head made a soft behind
So I guess I'm the black sheep of the family
Cause they ass can't handle ME!
And I hate cops, cause they like
To break black sheep into lamb chops
So I keep makin' problems
Cause I can't picture bein' sheep-skin condoms!
And I don't need no shepherd, see
Especially one that's cursed with leprosy
See, not all black sheep sleep
Look what happened to Little Bo Peep's!
Hers left and got knowledge!
Fuck high school and motherFUCK college!
Now you see why I'm so destructive:
A black sheep ain't shit to fuck with!

INTERVIEWER:  JT, you use the word "bitch" quite a bit in your lyrics
Tell me, do you have a girlfriend?  Is there a woman in your life?  In
The day and age that women are demanding more respect, what do
You have to say to the young ladies about bitches?  Are you "the
Bitch-izer"?

Verse 2:  JT Money
Young ladies shouldn't get offended when they hear
But if the motherfuckin' shoe fits, wear it!
I think a ho is a ho, and a bitch is a bitch
I'ma talk about ya ass and keep gettin' rich!
Now why quit gettin' money?  I'm JT Money
And I can't do nothin' for ya, honey!
So don't be on my back like a jacket
I can't hack it, and you'll get smacked, bitch!
Cause I hate hoes and they hate me
But I don't give a fuck, cause I'm JT!
The motherfuckin' Bitch-izer!
Ho, talk shit, so I can paralyze ya!
I can't have no wife!  I hate hoes
Plus it's in my nature to be a low-life!
So that love shit is OUT!  I'm a pimp;
I'll slap the taste from a bitch' mouth!

INTERVIEWER:  JT, let's be realistic.  The fame and glory can't go on
Forever.  The Poison Clan has done quite well, but without a high
School diploma, what would you do, if it all just fell apart, today, now?
You have nothing left.  The music was over.  Let us know

Verse 3:  JT Money
Snatch a bitch down in the middle of the street
Get that book and break out in a heart beat
And then I'll go, out on
The 'ave to shoot some C-LO!
So I can double my shit
Cause hell, I'm known for rollin' 4-5-6
I just might lay the whole game down
Niggas know I don't fuck around!
J to the motherfuckin' T
Stands for Just Trouble, so niggas don't try me!
Cause I'll burn your ass like a torch
Take all your shit, and leave you on the front porch!
"Jack and splak" is how I got my wealth
If I wasn't me, I think I'd rob myself
I gotta be Spoiled Rotten
Just a little remider for those who may have forgotten
I live for money; pockets are fat
Give a bitch a bet for some pussy and take my shit back!
I gotta be rich; "That's all the 5,000, bitch!"Intro:
Poison Clan's in the house and ya don't stop!
JT's in the house and ya don't stop!
Tony Cash in the house and ya can't quit!
Poison Clan comin' dope with the funky shit!
Hey yo, throw ya hands in the air!
And wave 'em like ya just don't care!
And if you're ready to rock with JT and the Clan
Lemme hear ya say, aw yeah!

Verse 1:  JT Money
JT, wreckin' shit like a drunk driver
The Bitch-izer's richer and wiser
Niggas camouflage to be large like the great one
Talkin' shit?  Oh, that's a mistake, son!
Cause I'm on track like a train
Puttin' niggas in pain, who think they can hang
With the likes of the Money Man
I'm from the Clan; I leave your head spinnin' like a fan
So spread your hustle, we can go off the muscle
Brothers talk shit, but still don't wanna tussle
With the Clan's warrior!
Make a sad story o' whoever's in the section
Cause all you get is wrecked, son
If you don't know what you're in for
Pay attention as I mention the info
Or you'll get slapped like a ho
I'm from the bottom, niggas!  Act like you know!

Chorus (4x):
[I am ROUGH!]
[Another hit from the freestyle fanatic]

Verse 2:  JT Money
Save the beef for the patty; I don't rap for the weak
The Poison Clan's mack daddy ain't your speed
I get respect to the maximum, some be actin' dumb
They're not down with the Poison, so I'm taxin' 'em
Eatin' 'em up, like a gyro sandwich
They're never Poison Clan cause they do zero damage
JT Money's the man you can never predict
I'm crusin' while suckas gettin' sea-sick
Now stuff like this you can't resist nowadays
Poison is power, and power pays
So I choose to be Poisonous
You can never pose a threat if you put your boys in this
But rather though, you'll tell your kids a story of
JT, the Poison Clan warrior
I'm never lost in the source cause I'm the boss
Hot like the devil but cool as Jack Frost
And I fly niggas' head like a frisbee
You just seen a rough nigga gettin' busy

Chorus

Motherfuckers on ropes and still can't hang with me
The mack daddy's back on track and it's plain to see
I'm one of the best out, I'm waitin' the next 'bout
Never fakin' makin' the opposite sex shout
Niggas act hard when they know they soft
Pull a switch on your back and turn yo' ass off
Cause the shit y'all kickin' ain't hittin'
The shit I kick kick ass; I ain't bullshittin'
I'm on a rampage to do damage
Eat you like a sandwich, cause you can't manage
Niggas try to get fly, so then I wreck 'em
Kick 'em in the rectum, and then reject 'em
I make Hell raise, kick like a 12-guage
Make you feel like you're trapped in a steel cage
Niggas kickin' nursery rhymes and weak fables
I kick shit like I'm walkin' through a horse stable
Gettin' shit on my steel-toe, but still chilled, though
My foot'll be up yo' ass like a dildo
So don't be next, black
Cause I cause way more shit than Ex-Lax

Chorus[ VERSE 1: JT Money ]
Wakin up every morning, pockets on e
Fuck that shit, school ain't for me
They just stoppin me from gettin dollars
I dropped out, fuck bein a scholar
I never did shit at school before
Yoked up Uzi and headed straight for the airport
Lookin for some bucks to grab
Fucked around, jacked some tourists in a yellow cab
With nothin but my bare hands
Oh boy, look at me comin clean with grands
Start touchin every day
Can't nann nigga tell me that crime don't pay
Bought me a auto with get-down 30s and cuts
Crush seats and bitches on my nuts
Talkin bout it's funny how
A young nigga quit school gettin money now
On a mission comin clean on a daily basis
With pocketbooks and high speed chases
Fat pockets swoll like they got the mumps
Droppin bets to all the little chumps
Throwin books to the hoes
Peelin out in the school zone, burnin out my ( ? )
See a mama and papa in the auto
Nobody's untouchable, that's my motto
Leavin no description for the police
Cause all they saw was black guns and gold teeth
And that describes every nigga in the jack game
Goin down with a alias name
They scared as fuck of a nigga like me
Reached out and touched more people than AT&T
Fuckin they world up, makin them curl up
All in the street and they still gettin beat
Cause that's the way I was taught
See, ain't shit illegal until you get caught
That's how I got the name J.T
Jackin Tourists for all they Money
While niggas on the corner I'm in the house gettin laid
I leave em sayin, "Goddamn, how he gettin paid?"
For what I'm doin you don't need a look-out
Grab the ho, get the money, throw the book out
I know my nigga Uzi'll get me away
Go to the crib, split the money cause in a day
I'm outta there without a clue
But yo, that's just some shit I used to do

[ VERSE 2: JT Money ]
Downtown, lookin for them dummies
With wire tags and purses full of money
Ask em for directions
Bustin u-turns in the middle of the inter section
I'm on they ass
Comin fast and I see that map on the dash
Bet your ass I'ma touch somethin
But them funky-ass heroes make a nigga wanna crush somethin
Fuck it, ain't nothin to it
Now he finna see how the boys from the Crib do it
( *interlude* )
Got that book now let's go
My nigga Uzi put that thing to the flo'
Hit a few corners
Make sure them punk-ass heroes ain't on ya
( ? ) so let's flex through the projects
Spend these grands and them Traveller's Cheques
Now we got a little flow
And I'ma keep the book so I can give it to a ho
Lets go round the way to brag
To the niggas bout the book we snagged
They know the boy gon' come through
But yo, that's just some shit I used to do

Yeah
Yo, I wanna say one time for all the original jackers ( ? )
My niggas Shorty T, Rick and Wayne
My nigga Uzi, Madball
One time for them boys out there in the city
The boys Overtown, y'all know what time it is
There's a few out there in ( ? ) Opa Locka
One time for the streets that paid a nigga, Biscayne Boulevard
7th Ave., 17th Ave., 27th Ave. 79th St
36th St., 46th St. 54th
One time me and Uzi and 183rd St. we fuck em up
One time for the one way 81st
One time for the airport, hotels, gas stations, all that crazy shit
One time for I-95, the perfect escape route[Intro]
DRUGZ:  Yo Debonaire, there's that girl you tried to talk to!
DEB:  Word!
DRUGZ:  Hey yo, baby, c'mere, yo, why you tryin' to front on my man
Debonaire?
ANGIE:  Debonaire?
DRUGZ:  Yeah
ANGIE:  Uh-uh.  All the girls tell me that he's no good
DRUGZ:  Oh, aaight, I ain't gon' argue, but yo, wussup with me?  My name is
Drugz!
ANGIE:  Look, all you Poison Clan brothers are no good

[Verse 1:  Debonaire]
Debonaire's bad and so I'm called the Devil's Dad
I kick the funky stuff because I'm rough, and I'ma add
That, girls, I cold leave 'em, I totally deceive 'em
I soothe and then relieve 'em, and then you best believe I'm
Audi 5000, and I find another bitty
They tell me it's a pity, I want to get the whole city
Girl, so don't you be shocked, you best to get set
Women say I'm sick, but ask me have I seen a vet yet?
Naw, I just keep on, I keep ho-in'
I keep goin' nowhere and, I can't stop and so in
About a two year period I think I'll put Jim in
Wait up, lemme see, well, about a hunderd women
(Damn!)  Because of that, lots of women wanna hate ya
But I'm sayin', yo, it's in my nature!

[Hook:  Angie Griffin]
According to the Poison Clan, you can never trust a man
I know a man would fool around, but I still can't understand

[Verse 2:  JT Money]
Lovin' and leavin', that's what I believe in
Yo!  I only think about me when I'm skeezin'
So, women get mad and call me everything from A to Z
But I don't care, cause you know, I'm the J to T
To the dollar sign, and you will hardly find
Another brother with a pipe game as good as mine
So I flaunt the gift that I was given
And don't ask because you know how I'm livin'
(True.) Bein' in love's for the birds; I ain't a pigeon
They say love is blind; I got 20/20 vision
(Word.)  So if you don't want your feelings hurt
Don't be on my back like you a Poison Clan t-shirt
And when I tell you these things, it's not to make you
Mad at me, but you should know it's in my nature

[Hook]

[Verse 3:  Debonaire]
Women crowd around and say, "Look how insane he acts!"
When they need to check out Drugz and Uzi, man, they're maniacs
It's facts that I'm kickin', so girl, ain't nothin' made up
I'm talkin' on a straight-up
But still you're sayin' to hold up and wait up
You think I'm lyin', while talkin' of my nature then
It's not my fault that all the women wanna hate ya when
People can't help it, they shouldn't wanna hate ya
But they think it's voluntary, not just in my nature

DRUGZ:  Yo, now you see what I'm sayin'?
Yo, Debonaire and JT, they ain't got  no flavor, but I'm versatille!
ANGIE:  Uh-uh, cause y'all run the same ol' game, day after day
DRUGZ:  Oh, naw, not me, baby, I'm different!
ANGIE:  Look, birds of a feather flock together
DRUGZ:  Hey yo, my name is Drugz, and I change up like the weather!

[Hook]

[Verse 4:  JT Money]
People say the things I do to women make 'em rowdy
Lie to get down, bang the boots, then I'm Audi
5 on a mission, see I'm not dissin'
As long as there's fish in the sea, I'll be fishin'
Cause one's not enough; I ain't a wimp, I'm a pimp
And uh, I ain't lonely for no relationships!
You wanna be the girl that I hate?  I ain't frontin'
Cause this ain't The A-Team, slim, You Gets Nothin'
No money, no clothes, or a lil' kiss
None of that unless you like gettin' dissed!
I act this way, not because I hate ya
But you should know, it's in my nature

[Hook]Intro:
[Rasta verse by Likkle Wicked;
Most of his verse is indistinct]
Now rudeboy JT, from Poison Clan
Come in wit dem lyrics and kill the gangstas!!
JT:  Ahem!  Hello everybody, this JT Money, the Bitchizer...

Verse 1:  JT Money
Yo, I can get fly like a plane and then wreck shit
Stomp on Compton and flex through the exit
Uhh, rainin' on punks like a cloud
Punks get devoured cause no punks are allowed!
So step up if you think your shit's strong
But be prepared to get your whole crew flipped on
Cause I flip niggas like coins
And once I get gone I'm in they ass like hem'rhoids!
Niggas get done, but then so many try
To be like JT motherfuckin' M-O-N-E-Y
I get busy like 5pm traffic
Punks get they ass kicked when shit gets drastic
Uhh, niggas don't want none of me, see
When I get hot, I burn they ass like VD
I stay hard like Capn' Crunch, suckas get capped
And crunched, or dissed if you're rappin', punk
Most of y'all can't understand me
You'll probably say "That nigga that can't be from Miami!"
I hate punks with a passion
Hey yo, ho, tell them niggas what I want!

Chorus (4x)
[I want action]  MURDER!!  MURDER!!

Verse 2:  Uzi
Lights, camera, action, it's on
Uzi is the brother on the mike, word is bond
I'm talkin' to all the fallin' niggas, the kinda creep niggas
Step up and get beat, niggas!
Cause if you try the PC, it gets fucked up
We always strapped with the gat, so just shut up
And if I pull, you better pray cause you is dead, black
Test me out and you'll see just where my heart's at
That's how it is, fuck you, and motherfuck your crew
I roll with JT and Big Ram too!
We livin' phat, matter fact, we gets ill, see
And when we roll, we just rippin' up your posse
So if you talk shit, talk it under your breath
Cause if I hear ya, your ass'll be marked for death!
Best believe niggas' heads I be bashin'
And yo, you know what's next!

Chorus

Verse 3:  JT Money
Check 1-2 for a nigga who step to this
Step up and just wait for my lefts to miss, uhh
Before you get a chance to run ya mouth
I shoot them thangs to ya ass so you're down for the count!
I beat ya bad asses wit a bad-ass gang o' niggas
I'm from the Clan, so of course I be hangin' niggas
No matter how tough you feel or you might look
Drop yo ass with a right hook
I stick out like a saucer, niggas say I'm awesome
Wreck your little 1's 2's 3's and 4somes
The B-I-T-C-H-I-Z-E-R
When I step up you see how I
Keepin' niggas in check, approachin' with the tech
The old-fashioned way I earn my respect
Been down for a minute, did a quick bit
Came back knockin' about the box like (?) did!
So chumps run up and get ran over
I'ma take the USA and Japan over
I'm the one-man wreckin' ball that's werckin' y'all
Here's some advice: I'm wreckin' all!
You motherfuckers stop talkin' trash and
Shep the fuck out my way cause ...

Chorus

Outro:  Likkle Wicked(Yo, my nigga, fuck that bitch!  Tell them all they good for!)

Verse 1:  JT Money
Time for them bitches with the
Weave and bangols, big ear rings, and jangols
Walkin' 'round town lookin' all pretty
Actin' all seditty, attitude shitty!
You can't front on me, bitch, I know ya ass
You was valedictorian of my class
Used to copy your papers, you lil' nerd
Now you tryin' to get fly?  That shit's for the birds!
Seen you every day jumpin' in cars
BMW's, Benz's and Jaguars
Guess you're lettin' all the dope niggas hit ya
See you on the picture, lettin' three get ya
I remember when niggas couldn't touch you
Sold you a buck or two, now they can fuck you!
You got to rap, now I guess that's kinda fun
Because you made projects from 1991
Simply nothin', ho!  You gets nothin', ho!
Seen you on film, and now you're frontin'?  Yo
Bitch, don't try to flauge, cause all you good for
Is some head and a back massage!

All they good FOR! (4x)

Verse 2:  JT Money
I know this bitch who fucked niggas with big money
Now she got a big tummy, lookin' like a big dummy
Told another ho she fiendin' for John Doe
Don't even know his last name and claims she gettin' John's dough
Ho, you ain't nothin' but a trick bitch
Schemin' on niggas, tryin' to get rich
Talkin' bout, "So-and-so is my nigga,"
Sittin' on your ass while your bank account's gettin' bigger
But one nigga bust you up and ran
Now you stuck with a baby on your hands
Lookin' at the next man?  Don't even bother
It's not my fault you don't know your baby's father
You wouldn't know the nigga now if you see him!
Only thing you know is that the nigga drives a BM
Seen (?), now you layin' on the mattress
Don't know his name, phone number or his address
And you even needs that to get a case
Dumb bitch, lookin' like shit in the face
Sit yo' ass down, take the loss, and
Use that burgundy check for an abortion
Cause, ho, you can never live large
All you good for is some head and a back massage

All they good FOR!
Bitch, all you good FOR!
Trick ho, all you good FOR!
Stinkin' mouth bitch, all you good FOR!
Slut, all you good FOR!
Get off my dick, HOE!
(Heyyyyy, just gimme some more!)

Verse 3:  JT Money
I hate bitches that try to play dumb
I got 99 motherfuckin' problems; a bitch ain't one
See hoes walkin' 'round with tight clothes
In spandex - blacks, even white hoes!
Lookin' like sluts!  Draws up they butt
And they frontin' and want to fuck!
They ain't nothin' but dick-teasers
Need to stop fakin' and let a nigga skeeze ya
Or you'll be The Bitch That I Hate
Or a motherfuckin' victim of date rape
I know you're with it, so just get it and just shut up
Get in your stance, face down and your butt up
Come out that skirt and that shirt so I can insert
Go to work, do your dirt, make it hurt, then squirt
On your back, like a mack is supposed to
Grab the dick, make it spit on your clothes too
Cause all you do is SPLAK!
Talkin' 'bout whippin' me?  Oh, bitch, it ain't all that!
JT Money is TOO large!  And all you good for
Is some head and a back massage!

All they good FOR!
Stinkin' mouth bitch, all you good FOR!
Stank pussy ho, all you good FOR!
Stupid-ass trick, you know what I want!

Just suck a nigga' dick, ho![Do it!]
Yeahhh, back in yo' motherfuckin' ass again, it's the Poison Clan!
For the nine-tre (?)!  So everybody in the house, lemme hear ya say
"Poison Claaaan!"  (Poison Claaaan!)
Lemme hear ya say "Poison Claaaan!"  (Poison Claaaan!)
Yo Money, kick the fly shit!

Verse 1:  JT Money

Mic-check 1-2, time to wreck with the ill shit, the real shit
Bitches on the dils-nik, plus I got skills, kid
Suckas can't hang with the styles that I let go
They all get Petrol, I play 'em like tech mo
Fade out, pitch black to the right
I run that ditch like Lorenzo White
For a touchdown, nigga from Rufftown
No I don't fuck 'round, peace to my nigga named Bustdown
What now?  Suckas can't see me!  Niggas wanna be me
Bitches on my dick, cause I roll with the PC
We be chillin', livin' like villains
Gotta keep the strap, cause them niggas be illin'
I got flavor, plus I'm gettin' paper
Ho, if you wanna holler, hit me on my SkyPager
Might see you later, then again I might not
Cause I run the block with Big Ram and U-wop
Don't stop to the boogie, baby doll
Verse one, a nigga out like that y'all!

Uh!  Come on!  Do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Uh!  Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Yeah, do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Uh!  Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]

Verse 2:  JT Money

"Shake Watcha Mama Gave Ya" was a hit, now I'm on some other shit
Niggas don't know who they fuckin' with
I'm the one nigga to make the hoes shake ass
Pussy flaw niggas, y'all better break fast
Tryin' to sound like me, tryin' to be like me
Y' need to stop ridin' on my D-I-C
K, motherfuckers, y'all know who I'm talkin' 'bout
Your records only here when I ain't got a record out
Booty-ass track, corny-ass rap
Every time you see me, try to give a nigga doubt
But I don't want yo' doubt, motherfucker, you can keep it
Try to imitate me but you keep makin' weak shit
Niggas don't step cause I got a gat
That'll bust 40 rounds thorugh his heart to his back
Like this, like that, crack his head with a Suflex
Peace to the hoes that's down with group-sex
The hell with a pretty boy!
Verse two, silly suckas, do the City Boy, DO IT!

Uh!  Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Come on!    Do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Wussup!  Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Uh!  Come on!  Do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
All the niggas!  Do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Uh!  All the hoes, do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]

Verse 3:  JT Money

PC's the squad, Rufftown's the Mob
Suckas lookin' hard, they only get scarred
Mike Fresh made the track and it's hittin'
Baby, if you're gonna mess around, make 'em wear a mitten
I'm representin' Rufftown, check the way the group swing
Girlies on the tip, wantin' me to knock the poontang
City Boy in effect, gettin' hype
Cause y'all shit played out like the pin stripes
But JT keep' comin' with the rough shit
And I'm not the City Boy you wanna fuck with
So don't be on me, if you don't know me
Peace to Clayvosie, yeah, that's my homie
A-shooby-do-wop, I packs me an u-wop
I roll with a U-wop, that's down with the boot-knock
So girls, don't front like you ain't down
I got the Fever For Da Flavor like H-Town
And if you see somethin' you want, then persue it
Posion Clan out, do the City Boy, DO IT!!

Uh!  Do the City Boy! [OK]
Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Do it!  Yeah, do the City Boy! [OK]
Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Do it!  Rufftown, do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Uh!  Luke Records, do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the CityBoy! [Do it!]
Mike Fresh in the house, do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [OK] Do theCity Boy! [Do it!]
Uzi man in the house, do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Big Ram in the house, do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Home Team in the house, do the City Boy!
[OK] Do the City Boy! [OK] Do the City Boy! [Do it!]
Do it!  [Do it!]Verse 1:  Debonaire
Bust a move, you gots to get smooth
Get on the floor to the Poison groove
It's the Clan with another one
To make y'all dance just like the other one
You gots to get loose
Leanin' on the wall, what's the use?
To a groove so smooth and outta sight?
Get on the floor, and dance all night!

Verse 2:  JT Money
It's a dance tune by the PC
That's the Poison Clan, and we
Came to the party to make y'all move
So just get down to the Poison groove
And groove with the Poison Clan
Cause if you came to sit, make a change of plans
And do what's only right
Just get on the floor and dance all night

Verse 3:  Debonaire
All you see is grins
People movin' away from the bass bins
Cause of that bottom
Most of you even scared to stand by them
Well here's a taste
Straight from the studio known for the Ghetto Bass
Made to invite, no sittin' down
So get up and dance all night!

Verse 4:  JT Money
Now dance ...  cause I said so
Bust a move and go with the flow
It's the Clan, with a hyped-up dub
Poison boys takin' over the club
Whether dancin' or sittin'
It'll make you move cause it's definitely hittin'
And outta sight; just get on the floor y'all
And dance all night!Intro:  JT Money
Uhh.  Smooth track.  Got the hoes in the background singin'
Y'hear 'em?  True.  Yeah, time to get back on them hoes
Let 'em know ... can't run game on a gangsta ... a nigga with
Game KNOW' game, y'know what I'm sayin'?  Cut all the small
Talk, I'ma just tell you the illness, I don't wanna be trippin'

Verse 1:  JT Money
Yo, some women doubt I'm for real while some shout I'm
A dirty-mouth rapper cause I tell the truth 'bout 'em
But yo, after that I felt good
Told the truth 'bout them hoes like nobody else would
And yep, I still feel the same way
But you gotta respect the way the game's played
Because you can't live with 'em, can't live without 'em
So I get with 'em, and then I talk about 'em
Cause yo, it's all just a game to me
Some women get offended, but you're all the same to me
See, most women got some B or H in 'em
If they don't, they associate with 'em
Why?  Because it's in they nature
To run game on brothers and try to gank 'em for they paper
And I'm just up on the whole thing
So yo - game recognize game!

(Game recognize game!)  Uh!  Come on!  Yeah!
(Game recognize game!)  W'sup!  Yeah, dude, come on!
(Game recognize game!)  W'sup to the hoes!
(Game recognize game!)  PC lettin' ya know!
(Game recognize game!)  Yeah!  Come on!
(Game recognize game!)  All the hoes, w'sup!!
(Game recognize game!)  Yeah!  Yeah!
(Game recognize game!)  Uh!

Verse 2:  JT Money
I know a girl named Susan, constantly juicin'
Brothers for the flow, then she's out the door
And so, heard my last album
Made a bet with her friend, said "Yo, I bet ya I could have 'em
Strung out on me, even he gets lonely."
That girl don't know me, my game too strong, see
Right after I wacked it
She was on my tip like a profolactic
My tactics was just too remarkable; Susan's now sweatin'
The money that the other fellas sayin' I'll be gettin'
The moral to the story is, a brother like JT
Runs game greatly, so don't try to play me
Thinkin' I'm gon' fall all in love
I told you that's for the birds, and I ain't a dove!
So if we gon' do our thing, we can swing
But remember - game recognize game!  Ya don't stop!

(Game recognize game!)  Yeah, dude, come on!
(Game recognize game!)  Yeah, w'sup!
(Game recognize game!)  Sendin' this to the hoes!!
(Game recognize game!)  So now you know!
(Game recognize game!)  Uhh, we ain't havin' it!
(Game recognize game!)  Come on!  Come on!
(Game recognize game!)  Yeah, dude, w'sup!
(Game recognize game!)

Verse 3:  JT Money
I get seasick; I can't float on a relationship
Because a honey dip might be sweatin' my grip
I change girls with the season
Distrust is the reason that I'm lovin' and leavin'
But women adore me, do anything for me
Let me tell you a story 'bout a girl named Lorri
Met her back when I was in high school
She stepped to me, cause yo, was I cool!
So naturally she saw I had flavor
Kept a wad in my pocket cause I had a lil' paper
Uhh, and she was out to get it, so she let me split it
Thinkin' if we did it, then I'd be with it!
Nope!  JT's a player!  Just because I lay ya
Don't mean I'ma pay ya!
So Lorri, don't feel shamed!
You know I'm the B-izer, girl, and game recognize game!

Uhh.  Yeahhh.  Sendin' this one out to all the hoes ... lettin'
Y'all know, y'know I'm sayin'?  Niggas ain't 'bout that
Y'knamsayin'?  Niggas know about all that shit though.  Sendin'
This to Lorri and Susan, y'all know y'all real names, gave them
The aliases.  But your friends know you did, they know the story
And um, the pussy was good, it was aaight.  Y'knamsayin'?
Wanna say peace to all the niggas that can run game on these
Hoes ... like a nigga like me, y'knamsayin'?  Niggas in the house ...
No Good But So Good in the motherfuckin' house, they run game
My nigga Clayvosie, yo, he run game.  My main man Milky Mill, in
The house, you know he run game.  My nigga Shante, ugly man
Mike Fresh, of course you know your boy run game.  'Knamsayin'?Chorus:
[Groove with the Poison Clan] (7x)
[Poison boys takin' over the club]

Verse 1:  JT Money
Once again, it's the Clan with a fast one
To make y'all groove like the last one
Niggas were demandin' the PC to come back
With deep bass and funky-ass drum tracks
Poison boys takin' over the club again
Makin' that shit y'all love again
While suckas tryin' to get our style
Of true niggas from Miami's underground
JT, a nigga you can get with
Kickin' that hardcore fly shit
Sendin' this one to the niggas in the Bronze
And them hoes with them Dazzey Dukes on
Slangin' that monkey, stacked, lookin' chunky
And caught gettin' funky
Jockin' the Money Man, so ...
[Groove with the Poison Clan]

Chorus

Verse 2:  JT Money
Step on the scene with my steel-toes
Holdin' my dick, lookin' for them ill hoes
A nigga like JT be trickin'
Lookin' for a ho to stick my dick in
Holler at the boys, see what's up with them
They always put a nigga down with the (?)
That's jockin' JT, one raw nigga from the PC
Kickin' the shit that be thumpin'
In a club, that's all you hear pumpin':
The Poison Clan sound
Hoes' pussy poppin' and doin' the Doo-Doo Brown
And the niggas be wildin'
Fuckin' with the hoes and cold profilin'
So if you're down with the Money Man, just ...
[Groove with the Poison Clan]

Chorus

Uzi:
Aw yeah!!  Wussup, the Poison Clan is definitely in the house
Y'know what I'm sayin'?  Hey yo, my name is Uzi, we got my
Man JT Money in the house, my man Madd Ball, and we just
Cold wreckin' shit!  And we lettin' you know, on Round 2, oh
All y'all fuck-niggas gon' have to bring it!

Chorus

Verse 3:  JT Money
Back in yo' ass, it's the Clan
Spreadin' like a virus, backed by the Money-Man
All about the dollars
Now hoes, when you see me, don't forget to holler
Cause you know you know me
Now I'ma give a shout out to the hood and the homies
The whole Luke Records staff
And all them niggas I know on the 'ave
One time for Madd Ball and Crab
And the niggas I know on the bav' *he probably means Blvd*
Tall Milt, Ned, Eddie, Ram
]From Caroll City, Dave, Mike and Sam
And Tony, ol' Cory and Ted
My nigga Uzi, fat Milt and Red
And there's C-Lo, Baby Ced, JP and Chico
Mike Fresh, Toomp and Hop
And everybody else that I forgot
That's down with the Money Man, just ...
[Groove with the Poison Clan]

ChorusIntro:  Madd Ball
Yo JT, check this out, right: 'member back in the days niggas was
Skippin' shit, right, you know, fuckin' with the hoes and see we used
To kick lil' rhymes and shit - hey, I want you to some of the SAME
Shit, man! ...
JT:  Uh!  One two!
Madd Ball:  Take us back in the days, I want you to do this one for all
The boys 'round the way, you know what I'm sayin'?  Same shit 'bout
All those stank bitches

Verse 1:  JT Money
Hey yo, met a ho named Sonia
Said "Hey, baby doll, let a nigga get on ya!"
She was with it, but one thing -
She had one leg and walked with a cane
I couldn't tell cause she was sittin' real pretty
Bug fat ass and some FAT-ass titties +whistles+
When the ho stood up
Trying to balance herself, I'm like, What the fuck!?
I was givin' her plenty play
I ain't wanted to be rude, so I fucked the ho anyway
I only did what I could, +grunting+
'Cept for one thing about it, the pussy was good
I threw that leg to the ceiling
Long-dicked the ho, and the bitch started squealing
+"Ahh!   Ah!  Ah!  Ah!"+
Like a dog in pain, then the bitch
Started cummin' and yellin' out my name
+"Ahh, JT!!  JT!!  JT!!"+
Then she wrapped that leg 'round my waist
Held me close and said cum in her face
Now you know I was wit' it
Put dick in her mouth, and the silly bitch BIT it!
Damn!  I pulled it out quick
+"God damn!  Stupid BITCH!+
Now I got teeth-marks 'round my dick
I hit that bitch like a man
Mad as fuck, swollen dick in my hand
Now I'm in pain, so I
Beat that bitch-ass with her own cane
+imitates beating noises+
Jumped in the Bronze
Kept the bitch' cane and made that bitch hop home!

Madd Ball:  Ha ha ha ha!
JT:  And ya don't stop!  Silly bitch won't bite no dick no more!
Madd Ball:  No dick, ho!
JT:  Silly bitch won't bite no dick no more!  Crippled ho, what you
Gon' do??
Madd Ball:  What you gon' do??  Hey man, that's the SAME shit, boy
That shit FUNKY!!  Hey man, ooh, lemme pass - pa -pass the fuckin'
Joint - go-o-o-od damn!  Kick one more, J!
JT:  Yo, check it out ...

Verse 2:  JT Money
See a bitch on the bus stop, so I must stop
Conversate a bit, try to slay the bitch +"Yo, wussup baby, wussup baby?"+
See, I'm a nigga that's out to get it
And if the ho down with it, best believe I'ma hit it
See, any ho'll pass
I fucked this fat ho with dimples in her ass
On heavy sense, dick hard as fuck
And all I seen was this fat-ass slut
I was only crackin' for a little head
Fat bitch' body slammed me on the bed
Then the bitch might've tried me
She got on top and tried to ride me +"Oh!!  Ohhhhhhhh!"+
Couldn't overthrow her; she was 300 plus
Big fat greasy-ass stank ram slut! +Whew!+
And she refused to get up
]From my chest to my knees was all wet up
Big bitch was a freak
She turned me over n' started lickin' up my butt-cheeks
+*lapping noises*+  Then I got into it
Said "Please!  Don't squeeze my ass when you do it! +"Oh shit!"+
She must not have liked the taste
Cause she stopped eatin' ass when I farted in her face +"Thpppt!"+
But I ain't wanted to quit
I'm on that thing and with a hard-ass dick!
Bitch!  I ain't tryin' to play fussy
Pushed her on the bed and took that fat pussy!  Peace!

Madd Ball:  Go-od damn!
JT:  Ha ha, yeah, for 1992!  Yours truly, JT motherfuckin'
Money the Bitchizer!
Madd Ball:  In the house
JT:  You know, yo, for the people out there who be wanna
Throw a nigga in jail, the lyrics in this song is, y'know what
I'm sayin', fake shit names, nothin' but ho stories ...
Madd Ball:  Fake shit; ain't for real!
JT:  ... I'm sendin' this one out to my manager Hop, you
Know what time it is, Hop!  One time for my nigga Madd
Ball, Shorty T ...
Madd Ball:  It's your boy
JT:  ... Uzi, my nigga Ram, one time for the whole Clan ...
Madd Ball:  Big nose!
JT:  ... my nigga Leveke on the beat, Eddie on the board ...
Madd Ball:  Blood claat Eddie!
JT:  ... yo, Poison Clan's signin' the fuck outta here
Madd Ball:  And we outta this motherfucker just like that
Haaaaaaaa, ya stank bitches!  This ain't nothin' but ho
Stories, all y'all hoes, y'all know what time it is, you're
The ones we talkin' 'bout!  Ya stank fat BIIIIIIIIITCH!![Sounds of typewriter clicking.]
INTERVIEWER {Debbie Bennett}:  We're here with JT Money, of the now
Infamous Poison Clan.  And JT, we want to hear it from your point of
View.  Tell us why you're always in trouble with the police.  Tell us about
School.  JT, your fans want to hear it from your point of view, in your
Own words.  JT?

Verse 1:  JT Money
Mary had a little lamb, and it was ME!
A rowdy motherfucker named JT
Problem child!  Got on, got strong
Now they say I'm buckwild!
But I ain't payin' them mind
The ol' girl used to say a hard head made a soft behind
So I guess I'm the black sheep of the family
Cause they ass can't handle ME!
And I hate cops, cause they like
To break black sheep into lamb chops
So I keep makin' problems
Cause I can't picture bein' sheep-skin condoms!
And I don't need no shepherd, see
Especially one that's cursed with leprosy
See, not all black sheep sleep
Look what happened to Little Bo Peep's!
Hers left and got knowledge!
Fuck high school and motherFUCK college!
Now you see why I'm so destructive:
A black sheep ain't shit to fuck with!

INTERVIEWER:  JT, you use the word "bitch" quite a bit in your lyrics
Tell me, do you have a girlfriend?  Is there a woman in your life?  In
The day and age that women are demanding more respect, what do
You have to say to the young ladies about bitches?  Are you "the
Bitch-izer"?

Verse 2:  JT Money
Young ladies shouldn't get offended when they hear
But if the motherfuckin' shoe fits, wear it!
I think a ho is a ho, and a bitch is a bitch
I'ma talk about ya ass and keep gettin' rich!
Now why quit gettin' money?  I'm JT Money
And I can't do nothin' for ya, honey!
So don't be on my back like a jacket
I can't hack it, and you'll get smacked, bitch!
Cause I hate hoes and they hate me
But I don't give a fuck, cause I'm JT!
The motherfuckin' Bitch-izer!
Ho, talk shit, so I can paralyze ya!
I can't have no wife!  I hate hoes
Plus it's in my nature to be a low-life!
So that love shit is OUT!  I'm a pimp;
I'll slap the taste from a bitch' mouth!

INTERVIEWER:  JT, let's be realistic.  The fame and glory can't go on
Forever.  The Poison Clan has done quite well, but without a high
School diploma, what would you do, if it all just fell apart, today, now?
You have nothing left.  The music was over.  Let us know

Verse 3:  JT Money
Snatch a bitch down in the middle of the street
Get that book and break out in a heart beat
And then I'll go, out on
The 'ave to shoot some C-LO!
So I can double my shit
Cause hell, I'm known for rollin' 4-5-6
I just might lay the whole game down
Niggas know I don't fuck around!
J to the motherfuckin' T
Stands for Just Trouble, so niggas don't try me!
Cause I'll burn your ass like a torch
Take all your shit, and leave you on the front porch!
"Jack and splak" is how I got my wealth
If I wasn't me, I think I'd rob myself
I gotta be Spoiled Rotten
Just a little remider for those who may have forgotten
I live for money; pockets are fat
Give a bitch a bet for some pussy and take my shit back!
I gotta be rich; "That's all the 5,000, bitch!"[repeated riff from the Beatles' "Do You Want To Know A Secret?"]

Verse 1:  JT Money
Bitches with jericurls I can't stand
Now this is comin' straight from the Money-Man
I used to fuck this ho - now I hate her
Wherever she went, she left Activator
I mean her neck was so greasy and black
The mom even had to talk behind her back
And when the boys heard about the sis
They said, "Yo, I'ma tell you like this:
If the girl sits on your couch
Be prepared to get the stain out."
But I forgot, and that was it
And when she did the shit, mom had a fit
And was askin' me where I found her
Sayin' don't bring another around her
But even now, as long as it's been
She'll check the hair before lettin' 'em in

Verse 2:  Debonaire
Jericurls I hate - it'll make
A bitch get dissed on a blind date
While walkin' out on her. I wouldn't
Put a bitch like that on the corner
I hate it with a passion, cause, number
One, it's a fucked-up fashion
Believe I've seen enough, and what's rough
The hoes wanna meet us, but I ain't with it
A jeri-bitch?  She can forget it!
Every time you with her, kiss
On her neck and her tit'll taste bitter
Plus it got a nasty smell; some sayin' I-double-L
Them hoes can forget it, because
Debonaire: I ain't with it

Verse 3:  JT Money
Jericurls I've seen enough of
Believe me, I don't know what's rougher
When your car seems greasy, or
When because some lazy-ass whore
Gets too lazy to do us shit
So the bitch goes out and gets
That jericurl, me in her wallet
If she comes around me, a ring around the collar
Cause that there, I can't deal with
Put grease on my (?), you'll pay for my shit
Oh yeah, but I forgot -
'Bout the sheets gettin' greasy and what-not
Whether fuckin' or takin' a nap
Make that bitch wear a shower cap!

Verse 4:  Debonaire
Check it out, I think some of the folks
Think a nigga makin' jokes
But it's true, about them hoes
They be gettin' grease on your clothes
And though a nigga got loot
I hate grease gettin' on a fresh silk suit
You can say I fear 'em
Deb' wouldn't be caught dead near 'em
There's a guy, I won't say no names
But the player's shit burst in flames
I can't see my shit like that
Cause, man, I'd rather be seen in plaids
It makes a nigga look like a fag
Walkin' 'round with his head in a bag
And yo, I tell ya, they need to quit
Cause the Clan ain't with that shit!DEBONAIRE: Yo wussup my nigga where the fuck you been?
JT MONEY: Shit, I jus' came from round a bitch house
Tryin to get a lil pussy, y'know I'm sayin?
DEB: Oh, my nigga, I ????? to do the shit by myself!
JT: Shit, do what, what you bout to do, man?
DEB: Tell these people bout this muthafuckin juvenile situation
JT: So what's stoppin you? Shit, I'm here!
DEB: Oh, oh you wit this my nigga?
JT: You damn right I'm wit it, nigga!
DEB: Aaight, so you know, we'll just fuck it up y'know I'm sayin?
JT: Well go ahead, fuck it up
DEB: Aaight, boom, check this out:

[Debonaire]
I know by now you musta heard how wild we get
But now it's time to hear the juvenile shit
And talkin bout juveniles the Clan we must
Cause everybody goes through what happened to us
See, everybody's gonna be or was a juvenile
Adults even know that these times are wild
Me and JT had to learn the hard way
Cause hey, we couldn't trust what parents say
Like rubbers, I used to be too cool for 'em
Bitches askin bout 'em, I used to ignore 'em
Mother used to tell me but I had to learn
Some hoes'll give you a third degree burn
But no one's had the battle, and now I'm a stranger
To hoes that need a sign that says "Keep Out, Danger"

Yeah, I tell you, my nigga
Them hoes'll burn a muthafucka y'know I'm sayin?
Fuckin round with them dog-ass hoes not usin no rubbers
And all that crazy shit, y'know I'm sayin?
JT: True.  But yo, Deb, check it out

[JT Money]
Have you ever, had a girl you wanted to do it with
But ain't know that somethin would ruin it?
Bust this, I had a girl willin
I was too, but Jimmy was chillin
Man, I mean this girl was sweaty and wet
But lil' JT just wouldn't erect
Oh shit!  Why me?  How could this be?
JT bein dissed by Jimbrowski?
Like I needed a sex instructor
When normally, there, I'da been fucked her
Sayin to myself, "Man, I don't know"
If wasn't shit wrong with me, somethin was wrong with that ho
Yo, I might've avoided maybe catchin AIDS
A day later, Trigga slayed her, now he's pissin razor blades

DEB: Damn my nigga
Trigga done fucked up for real this time, I tell you boy!
JT: You know it, shit, I'm glad I ain't fucked that ho
That'd be a raggedy-ass fuckin week!
DEB: ...'round here gettin burned
Them dusty ass hoes raggedy bitches ...
Anyway I tell you, my nigga, check this out -
My nigga, my parents, my nigga
They be jockin me like a muthafucka y'know I'm sayin?
JT: For what?
DEB: 'Bout school and all that crazy shit!
JT: Oh, oh, shit, you ain't sayin nothin
My ol' gran'm talkin bout the same shit!
DEB: Well anyway check this out:

[Debonaire]
I'm a juvenile, tired of adults
Talkin bout consequences and results
Cause through it all I make the same choice which is
Sayin FUCK SCHOOL to take home the bitches
I took a ho to the crib, and yo, bust it
I used my last rubber, knowin I could trust it
But goin up in this bitch, I could barely breathe
Now that's some abuse to receive
I was nearly unconscious on the verge of death
When I could no longer hold my breath
I just about fell out from inhaling the fumes
I woke up in the mornin, aired out the rooms
And now because of this bitch, I'ma kill
The next ho to disregard the Messengil

Oh lawd my nigga I tell you, that pussy was stinky as a muthafucka!
Fuck that bitch if she ever come around me again!
JT: Damn that ?????? ....
What the fuck you fuckin with them stank hoes for?

[JT Money]
Check this out, I was loungin, coolin by the Brougham
A bitch comes up talkin bout, take her home
Yo, at first, I wasn't wit it
I saw the ass on that bitch, and I did it
Now stuff like this happens all the time
Nuttin but sex goin through my mind
From the suspense I don't know how I survived
My dick was so hard we went in overdrive
Pulled up to a crib, saw a Caddy Brougham
I got no sex cause her daddy was home

DEB: Damn, man that's fucked up man
For real, I'll tell you though, ??????
JT: 'ey that bitch faked me up man
I don't fuck wit the ho no more, ????
DEB: True. Aiyyo check this out man
My nigga, man, I be gettin my report cards y'know I'm sayin?
Daddy'll think a tough guy weak or somethin
My nigga, be tryin to front on me y'know I'm sayin?
JT: I bet he be kickin yo ass
DEB: You got me fucked up, I ain't havin that shit!
JT: I bet he bust yo ass, I bet he bust yo ass
DEB: Yo, yo check this out my nigga ...
JT: Wussup?

[Debonaire]
Yo, every report card I get all F's
Goin tow to tow with dad, yo, without no rest
Every time I get a card he always seems to know
Cause he greets me at the door with a knockout blow
So, I said MMMMM, and got hip to it
The next report card came, Daddy-o knew it
And waitin by the door to put a blitz in effect
But Daddy-o forgot to make a situation check
I creeped up behind him with a four-by-four
Tapped him on the shoulder, and wired his jaw
He musta learned a lesson of being convinced
Cause he ain't ask about my report cards since

Yeah, that nigga know what time it is now!
Hadda fuck that old nigga up, I mean
Playa ain't gonna swing on his own son y'know I'm sayin?
I hadda get some straighenin!
JT: Goddamn boy, I thought I was wild!
Yo, check this shit out right here:

[JT Money]
I'm a menace to society, juvenile delinquint
Can't stand school cause I'm in trouble frequent
Livin in the office like it's my class
See, if school's about trouble, maybe then I'll pass
Suckas be frontin tryin to pull my card
I just drop 'em and dip, but not from them, they're security guards
Comin like ???, hot on my trail
Realized, got wise and broke like hell
They finally caught up, took me down to the office

[Mr. Mixx as the Principal]
Say boayyy, you know you can't get off this
JT, you're a fuckin disgrace!
Get yo muthafuckin ass outta my goddamn place!

DEB: Aww man, they tried you, man, you got suspended, man!
JT: I don't give a fuck about no suspension, no muthafuckin
Fuck school, man, I don't need that shit, I'm the Mack Daddy
Y'know I'm sayin, I'm gettin paid, I'm bankin!
DEB: True, my nigga, we, you know, you livin like a villain
Y'know I'm sayin, Debonaire's bad, the Devil's Dad, y'know I'm sayin!
JT: Hold up Deb, hold up Deb, you got people listenin to you and shit!
Hey y'all, y'all don't do as we do, we two low life muthafuckas
We livin like villains, y'know I'm sayin?
DEB: That's what I'm sayin, you know, my nigga, shit
My man Drugz, my nigga ain't go to school since like third grade
We just don't give a fuck, y'know I'm sayin?
JT: Hey, but shit, see it ain't like that, see I tried to do shit right
Even though I wouldn't, but the shit ain't happened!
DEB: Now that's a muthafuckin lie, y'know I'm sayin?
JT: Hey, I'm tryin to go to school, y'know
But I'm down with ????? fuckin me up!
DEB: We, yo, put it this way
We two goddamn bad influence muthafuckas
JT: I'm not ...
DEB: don't do shit like us, don't try this shit at home
JT: Hey, I'll go - hey, fuck it, I'll go to school
DEB: Hey, anyway, my nigga, yo
We outta here, y'know I'm sayin, we outie!
JT: PeaceIntro:
Boy, it's some shady times out there goin' on right now
Man, shit be out there, you got them real niggas and them
Fake niggas, then you got them coochie-ass niggas who say
They down when they ain't down.  My nigga, you better get
Yourself together, boy, cause this shit real!

Verse 1:  JT Money
Where, I'm, from, the M-I-A-M-I
Young nigga got on, got strong, now he's too fly
Cause of what he has in his possession
A few keys of coke and some pounds of that cest
And a flurry of hoes
Drop tops, flip-flops, ??????
Now he don't holler at the fellas
And the homies from 'round the way is gettin' jealous
So they sit back and scheme
Strapped with AK's, Mac10's and car beams
Now what you think they gon' do?
Sit in front of his crib, and wait for him to come through
So they can touch his ass
But if the nigga try to buck, they gon' bust his ass
+gunshots+ And fill him up with holes
But that's just how shit goes, when you're ...

Chorus:
{Livin' in the ci-ty}  [I'm bad enough now, and still gettin' worse]
{Livin' in the ci-ty}  [Cause in the city, you live and let die..]
{Livin' in the ci-ty}  [I ain't frontin']
{Livin' in the ci-ty}  [Talk to me quick!]

Verse 2:  JT Money
Wake up to the sound of somebody screamin'
Look out my window, some niggas triple-teamin'
A nigga who ain't from 'round the way
And ass-whippin's the price you gotta pay
For tryin' to play bold
Walkin' through my neighborhood wearin' your gold
Talkin' 'bout goin' to a bitch' crib
Now you're fucked up and stuck with broken ribs
That's the way it's gotta be
If I was 'round y'all way, y'all gon' front on me!
So I look out for self
If I wanna see a bitch I'll see her somewhere else!
Cause hoes be settin' niggas up
And at the same time, gettin' niggas touched
But so a bitch can't get me
I'm always packin' that thing with me, cause I'm ...

Chorus

Verse 3:  JT Money
Life in the fast lane should be your last game
You didn't do it but you still got yo' ass blamed
For a crime you did not commit
Have knowledge of nothin' to do with
But that description fits you, police get you
Ask you questions; no answer, he hits you
Holdin' your jaw?  That must be a mistake
Scared to speak and you're weak as your knees shake
Expressin' anger as you go to jail
Denied a phone call, no chance for bail!
Enraged in a cage as you suffer
Day by day, the wait gets rougher
You never planned on bein' an inmate
Hangin' by a string, waitin' for a court date
You struggle and fight to stay alive
Man is to survive 'till court day arrives
Step in the courtroom, beat-up and filthy
Judge takes one look, and then claims you're guilty!
Head drops.  No way to bail out
Like the innocent brothers in the jailhouse
Now you're lookin' at 5 to 10
Yo, a nigga just can't win, when you're ...

Chorus

Outro:
This ain't no bullshit that I'm feedin' you now, this ain't no
Bait.  A nigga ain't tryin' to reel you in, or nothin'.  Y'understand
What I'm sayin', my nigga?  Cause when you be out here
Bullshittin', y'ass'll be outta gas.  So ya better take
Motherfuckin' heed to these words, motherfucker, cause
It ain't no bullshit!  Y'understand what I'm sayin', man?
Get my point!(Intro from "Freddy's Dead")
(Dolemite:  "Yeah, there's these two low-life muthafuckas ...")

Verse 1
[Debonaire] Check it out, it's the Poison Clan
Debonaire, Drugz, and the Money-Man
Low-life niggas, you see the Clan
And say that it figures
You can pull my file and see I
Talk about hoes and shit that's wild
Cause I don't give a god-damn
Bein' that ghetto hood that I am
Gamblin' for bread; my Smif-n-Wessun
Beats any spread
You can't play me like Atari
Motherfuckers tryin' to will be sorry
Cause Debonaire's far from a sucker
Another low-life motherfucker
[JT Money]  Mack-Daddy, another name for pimp
Worried 'bout nothin', just struttin' with a gangsta limp
Since the youth, had dreams of riches
Makin' money by pimpin' bitches
Parents hate me around their daughters
Knowin' their kids sell for quarters
And I don't pay any more
Cause that's all she's worth to me, the low-life whore
I mean, she's makin' me rich
And only God knows I love a bitch
Who keeps me strong in the game
Pimp your little sister, won't feel shame
I go bitch-berserk, cause if your mother's
On my dick, I'll put the bitch to work

Verse 2
[Debonaire] It's a jack, so get against the wall
And stop lookin' for a cop to call
Cause if you do so much as twitch
You'll end up somewhere in a ditch
Cause I'm like that; you ain't heard?
Motherfuckers had to spread the word
This kid, I once shot him
Cause his Cadillac had too much bottom
That's a good enough reason
To me, any season is shootin' season
For a wild motherfucker
Debonaire's never gettin' played like a sucker
Niggas know that I go get thugs
And come back shootin' buck-shots and slugs
[JT Money]  Yeah, motherfuckers fear me
But most be even scared to come near me
They know I'm stampedin', leavin'
A bitch unconscious and bleedin'
Puttin' bitches on the 'ave
And when a nigga see a bitch, you say he gotta have
But he will pay to fuck MY bitch
That's when I get my percentage, which
Keeps a nigga like me eatin' shrimp
And makin' JT a motherfuckin' pimp!

Verse 3
[Debonaire] Debonaire's bad; the Devil's Dad
Goin' on like I'm mentally mad
See, I'm livin' like a villan
You can look at me and see I'm top billin'
I'm a goddamn player
A bitch ain't shit to me once I slay 'er
Once I get that ass
Best believe that bitch is gettin' left in the low class
I know how to act
The bitch won't ever talk to me behind my back
Cause if so, she'll end up wit'
Pictures on the milk-box for talkin' shit!
[JT Money]  A low life nigga
After I fuck a bitch, I egg her
But then a brother gets mad
But then I leave it up to the Devil's Dad
Cause when niggas start to roll
Money gots to chill cause I'm on parole
Professional hit-man
Throwin' a blow no nigga can withstand
It gots me bent
Owin' me and not payin' every cent?
JT Money's something far from a sucker
Another low-life motherfucker[sound of motor being started up]

Verse 1:  JT Money
Here we go and it's on, time to take the chrome to the dome
Niggas see the black Bronze, so they think the jack's on
But little do they know I don't sleep
Peep out my rear view, waitin' for they ass to creep
They fall deep in the bucket
I got a chance to buck it, think I should?  Nah, fuck it!
Don't feel like dippin'
Got the heat on the seat with the 40-round clip in
Plus, I'm in the mood to trip
Keep my hands on my shit in case niggas flip the script
One nigga stepped, another nigga crept
Let off the tech, put both they ass in check
Pussy-niggas can't hang out
They jumped out they shit, I blow they motherfuckin' brains out
Them niggas hit the Lotto
Changed the clip, turned 'round and sprayed up the auto
Hit the driver, and the passenger
Niggas dyin' like a motherfuckin' massacre
I ain't goin' out like a sucka
Rather go out cleanin' clips in motherfuckers
Niggas had to die
Tryin' to get fly, plus they blew my high
That's why you gotta keep your strap on
Cause niggas get capped on, this ain't no rap song!
So any nigga that wanna run up on me
I got a new gat I wanna test out, homies
You won't catch me sleepin'
It's 9-3, shit's thick, and I'm peepin'!

Verse 2:  JT Money
Let's take a trip down to Hooterville, get our buddha reel
Nigga acts up, get a slug to the grill
Shit is ill in the 9-3 season
Niggas is squallin' out for whatever reason
I don't know if they're puttin' somethin' in our food
Makin' us act this way, cause everybody got an attitude
Can't go nowhere without bein' strapped
Step from the back, you just might get capped
And that goes for niggas AND crackers
How the fuck you gon' try to jack a jacker?
See, I don't sleep
Got a pump in the trunk that'll blow you into next week
Talkin' 'bout runnin' up on me
Naw, homie, y'don't know me
Like my man Fresh would say, he gon' expire
I ain't got shit for a nigga but rapid fire
Niggas can't step to a bet
You gotta step to an AK, a pump AND a tech
Not to mention my nigga named ...
U-wop, Big Ram and Trigga and them
Beat Street changed game to ???
All strapped, so niggas wussup!  Wussup, yep!
We ain't talkin' 'bout peace
Wanna front, we can go to war like the middle east
Better sleep with your finger on the trigger
If you don't you's another dead nigga
Can't catch me sleepin'
It's 9-3, shit's thick, and I'm peepin'!

Verse 3:  JT Money
Rufftown's in effect, niggas know the set so they don't step
??? in the vest, plus niggas know the rep
So don't sleep on the gun skill
One nigga acts up, his whole squad's gettin' killed
That's how we do it 'round my way
Niggas get blast on from Friday to Friday
Every day of the week
You gotta have a gun and a vest to be on the street
Niggas say I be trippin'
But them the same motherfuckers who get caught out there slippin'
Tell the niggas, don't sleep
Shit is creep, and you gots to be deep
And since they made it hard
To sell dope, everybody out to rob
I can't get caught sleepin'
It's 9-3, shit's thick, and I'm peepin'!Verse 1:  JT Money
Roll out the red carpet, let the bugles blow
The pimp deserves a grand intro, y'don't know?
I know you're sick of bubble gum w/rappers puttin' you to bed
But not  JT Money, I'm somethin' like a SudaFed
I give relief that's far from lousy
And get the job done without gettin' you drowsy
Since I'm from the bottom, the other rappers tried dissin'
But in the end, my ass they'll be kissin'
I must state how stupid remarks
Can cause enough friction to give off sparks
Makin' people think that a giant king
Couldn't come from the bottom cause of second string
But I'ma make history as I get hype
Drop a science that'll damage that stereotype
Ask for drama, cause I'ma, bout to set off
A Poisonous freestyle, instead of
The average, ordinary everyday thing
I'm outstandin', leavin' rappers out standin' in the rain
Poison like venom, gettin' in 'em, then I conquer
When I'm finished rockin' you're jockin' for an encore
My masterpieces will smash to pieces
Or should I say demo, the mass that reaches
You better take a bufferin' with sufferin' from
The wrath of the style that can't be outdone
It's like that y'all, cause I'm the ultimate
Yo, Tony Rock, take the stand cause I'm about to sit!

Verse 2:  Tony Rock
MC's up north, and niggas like Spike take shorts
Thinkin' that the only rappers live in New York
Dick-heads like you, they don't know the deal
Sayin' if it's not from up there, it can't be real
But since you're ignorant and stupid at best
I'll have to break this down from the simplest
See Tony Rock make a microphone check
Now see him on stage breakin' a sucka nigga's neck
Y'all takin' rap back?  Get off of that cake!
The only thing you might be able to take is this dick
Sayin' weak-ass rhymes on records and video
Grabbin' on the dick and start cursin', and even though
You front to be hard while the cameras start shootin'
Knowin' goody-damn well that you as soft as a fig newton
If we was cars, I'd be a Porsche and you, a Nova
On card games, you're Pitty-pat and I'm Poker
I grab the microphone cause I can't wait to smoke a
Sucka like you, you no-rhymin' joker
Steppin' on stage, and goin' into fits
Workin' up a sweat, but you ain't rockin' shit
Sayin' weak-ass rhymes, tryin' your best to work the fans up
Why don't you drop the microphone and come out with your hands up?
Just because you're from up there, you ain't got it like that
Boy, you could be killed, and you don't want that
I'm sayin' rhymes on a funky-ass cut
Marquis, go for yours, because I got MY nut!

Verse 3:  Brother Marquis
I treat rappers like hoes, roll 'em like vogues
Count 'em and fold 'em and stuff and stack 'em like bank-rolls
I'm never on the runnin', MC's confronted
Always in my face, wantin' to start somethin'
I can't keep silent cause I'm lyrically violent
Step to me, boy, step off, don't even try it
I giddy up and go, so smooth when I flow
I make suckas get goin' like a 5.0
Ya see, I'll massacre, sit back and laught at ya
And when you're finished, then I'll embarrass ya
I'm the aggressor, the professor
(I injure/I'll end ya) like a ninja with a lyrical lecture
Marquis gets silky as I recite 'em
Rappers are germs, I'm peroxide to fight 'em
I blitz, throwin' hits that'll put you in a coffin
Treat you like an orphan, causing you to soften
People say I'm immaculent, but I'm past that
Others get laughed at, cause they ain't half that
They try to achieve, but can't succeed
They only get stomped on when I stampede
It's like that, punks, and you all know
Debonaire, the Devil's Dad, continue to flow!

Verse 4: Debonaire
Debonaire, the Devil's Dad, is last on the agenda
Talkin' 'bout how brothers constantly pretend to
Be from up North, New York, yeah, Medina
The grass ain't greener!  I guess they never seen a
Rapper from another region gettin' the loot
I'm from the bottom, and got girls feedin' me fruit
And droppin' flowers every time I walk
Is my music identical to that of New York?
It's original, comin' from the bottom, analyze it
You could come off on your own, but no one tries it
They'd rather have some sloppy jalopy
And get called a wanna-be because they try to copy
But see, the boys, we just laugh
Ain't a counterfeit rapper on the Skyywalker staff!
And so the wanna-be's bite the dust
They ain't certified to rap beside none of us!
And cause I'm strictly B-U-S-I-N-E-double S
They panickin', stiff like manequins from all the stress
No one there to mend; they look soft
Anyway, I'm outta here, signin' the fuck off!Intro:  JT Money

Yeahhhh, wussup!  It's that nigga!  Uh!  Nine-Three!
Catchin' wreck once again on them hoes!
Sendin' this one to all the negroes!  Niggas with ho problems ...
Niggas, yo, niggas is down over hoes!  Shit is real!
Hoes ain't worth it, money grip!
No bullshit 'bout them hoes, them hoes is SLAMMIN'!
But I ain't got no problem with hoes
See, my problem's with niggas!  You niggas MAKE hoes like this!
That's why - yo, fuck that!  Yo, check it out ...

Verse 1:  JT Money

Check it, I make the hoes get butt-ass naked
Every time I wreck shit on a fuckin' record
But listen as I drop it 'bout today's topic
Soft-flow pussy-creep niggas need to stop it!
Wanna shoot another nigga 'bout a ho
Just cause he fuck, nigga, let that bitch go
Now tell her how many niggas fuck before him
Guess you wanna grab a gat and go and try to flow with them
I ain't think so, not 'bout a stank ho
Who like to fuck 'round hair, tryin' to gain flow?
It's the '90s, you niggas better wake up
A lot of hoes out there's out to take stuff
Now this is not a record 'bout dissin' women
But all women got a little rob-and-givers in 'em
See, all them hoes wanna do is spend flow
With they friends and go dippin' in the Benz-o
Through the 'hood but you just couldn't figure
Your best ho fuckin' 'round with some other nigga
Now you wanna clean your gun I'm gon' to
But that bitch gon' fuck who she want to!
So to keep that shit on the down low
My nigga, put shit past no ho!

Big Ram:
Yeah, don't put shit past NONE of them slimy-ass bitches!

Chorus (3x):  JT Money
Put shit past no ho!  (Don't trust 'em!)

Verse 2:  JT Money

And to my niggas in the dope game
Who gettin' stuffed with cocaine and put it in they ho' name
Better hope you ain't givin' it to the wrong bitch
Make 'em measure how you put out your own shit
And ain't a damn thing you can do about it
Cause if it's in the bitch' name, she could put ya out it
So to save all the drama
Go ahead and give the shit to your sister and your mama
Let them be your main ladies
Give your mother the house and your sister the Mercedes
Cause if you end up in the pen
You know that good-for-nothin' bitch is gone in the wind
With a phat crib and a couple of cars
And you lookin' like shit behind bars
I think back, when I was off in the system
Used to see niggas cryin', cause they hoes dissed 'em
I remember, one ho told me
She was gettin' lonely, so I had to let her go, G
Cause that's just an excuse to fuck a nigga
Bitch, I ain't no sucka, nigga
I'll holler at ya ass cause you know I know how it go
And yo, I put shit past no ho!

Uzi:
I'm tellin' you man, y'all niggas better not sleep on these hoes
These hoes ain't SHIT!

Chorus

Verse 3:  JT Money

JT, a nigga on the prowl for the big butt
And guess what, I'm only lookin' for a quick nut
Cause most bitches like to front like they ain't hoes
But fuckin' a nigga cause the nigga's got pesos
Hey hoes, you can stop sweatin' the funds
I got guns and I'm aimin' at ya slimy ones
And won't half step to shoot it
At a bitch or a ho, but young ladies are excluded
So back up if you're a lady and you should know
Cause last year I told them hoes "All They Good 4"
And this year I'll tell they ass Some More Shit
Why the fuck should I care about a ho-bitch
Or a bitch-ho?  Unless she rich, though
She get this negro rollin' in a Benz-o
Or an Acura, Lexus, or BM
About the bitch' nigga?  Wouldn't wanna be him!
He got problems that he need to straighten
I ain't got no problems; I'm B-izin' and ho-hatin'
And gettin' caught up is a no-no
So be like me, my nigga, put shit past no ho!

Uzi:
Yo, so now you know, that's what you get for trustin' them creep-ass hoes!

Chorus (2x)Intro:
Poison Clan's in the house and ya don't stop!
JT's in the house and ya don't stop!
Tony Cash in the house and ya can't quit!
Poison Clan comin' dope with the funky shit!
Hey yo, throw ya hands in the air!
And wave 'em like ya just don't care!
And if you're ready to rock with JT and the Clan
Lemme hear ya say, aw yeah!

Verse 1:  JT Money
JT, wreckin' shit like a drunk driver
The Bitch-izer's richer and wiser
Niggas camouflage to be large like the great one
Talkin' shit?  Oh, that's a mistake, son!
Cause I'm on track like a train
Puttin' niggas in pain, who think they can hang
With the likes of the Money Man
I'm from the Clan; I leave your head spinnin' like a fan
So spread your hustle, we can go off the muscle
Brothers talk shit, but still don't wanna tussle
With the Clan's warrior!
Make a sad story o' whoever's in the section
Cause all you get is wrecked, son
If you don't know what you're in for
Pay attention as I mention the info
Or you'll get slapped like a ho
I'm from the bottom, niggas!  Act like you know!

Chorus (4x):
[I am ROUGH!]
[Another hit from the freestyle fanatic]

Verse 2:  JT Money
Save the beef for the patty; I don't rap for the weak
The Poison Clan's mack daddy ain't your speed
I get respect to the maximum, some be actin' dumb
They're not down with the Poison, so I'm taxin' 'em
Eatin' 'em up, like a gyro sandwich
They're never Poison Clan cause they do zero damage
JT Money's the man you can never predict
I'm crusin' while suckas gettin' sea-sick
Now stuff like this you can't resist nowadays
Poison is power, and power pays
So I choose to be Poisonous
You can never pose a threat if you put your boys in this
But rather though, you'll tell your kids a story of
JT, the Poison Clan warrior
I'm never lost in the source cause I'm the boss
Hot like the devil but cool as Jack Frost
And I fly niggas' head like a frisbee
You just seen a rough nigga gettin' busy

Chorus

Motherfuckers on ropes and still can't hang with me
The mack daddy's back on track and it's plain to see
I'm one of the best out, I'm waitin' the next 'bout
Never fakin' makin' the opposite sex shout
Niggas act hard when they know they soft
Pull a switch on your back and turn yo' ass off
Cause the shit y'all kickin' ain't hittin'
The shit I kick kick ass; I ain't bullshittin'
I'm on a rampage to do damage
Eat you like a sandwich, cause you can't manage
Niggas try to get fly, so then I wreck 'em
Kick 'em in the rectum, and then reject 'em
I make Hell raise, kick like a 12-guage
Make you feel like you're trapped in a steel cage
Niggas kickin' nursery rhymes and weak fables
I kick shit like I'm walkin' through a horse stable
Gettin' shit on my steel-toe, but still chilled, though
My foot'll be up yo' ass like a dildo
So don't be next, black
Cause I cause way more shit than Ex-Lax

ChorusJT:  Fuck that shit, let's go to Pac-Jam

Devastator:
Yeahhhhh, ha ha!  C'mon now!  C'mon!  Yo, yo!  Lemme hear ya say
Shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Say shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Lemme hear ya say shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Lemme hear ya say shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, SHAKE THAT SHIT, HOE!!!

Verse 1:  JT Money
Ho, bend over and spread ya butt cheeks
Let a nigga see them guts, freak!
Touch the ground!  Slap that ass
Make it jump up and down!
You gotta get butt-naked
But if you want my money, ho, you gotta shake it
What you gon' do?  You gotta shake somethin'
For Madd Ball and Uzi too!
Roll them hips, get this grip
Now let me see them pussy-lips
You know a nigga be lovin' it
Bring that ass too close, I'm up in it!
See, I'ma get my money's worth, bitch
I ain't tryin' to make yo' ass rich
JT, with a different kind of flavor
Bitch, shake what ya' mama gave ya!

Devastator:
C'mon, c'mon, say shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Lemme hear ya say shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
C'mon, c'mon, shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Lemme hear ya say shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, WORK THAT SHIT, BITCH!!!

Verse 2:  JT Money
Work for this money, honey, stop fakin'
I wanna see some real booty-shakin'
Slap that ass and make it jiggle
Now shake for a little
Drop to the ground, do a split
Bounce up and down like you're ridin' on a dick
Grab the pole, bendo on over
Now show that booty hole
Play with ya clit and don't quit
A nigga be lovin' that wild shit
But just don't stop
I give a ho $5 for a table-top!
Cause I got the cash flow
But you know, you gotta shake that ass, ho!
Can't nothin' save ya
Bitch, shake what ya' mama gave ya!

Devastator:
C'mon, c'mon, shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Lemme hear ya say shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Lemme hear ya say shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)

[Shit!  You ain't just a woman!  That's a whole lotta cash!  But I gotta
Admit, honey, that's a whole lotta ass!! {laughter}]

Verse 3:  JT Money
Bitches, get yo' ass on the dance floor
Show me what you got in store
If you can't holler now, see me later
I gotta say peace to Devastator
For makin' the beat
Now I'ma give a shout-out to all you big-booty freaks
For workin' that ass so smoothly
Peace to Mike Fresh, Madd Ball and Uzi
Say, JT like to diss hoes
Well, how ya like this, hoes:
Get buck-ass wild
Shake that ass like it's goin' out of style
Don't hide the vibe
Make that ass wiggle side to side
Now you got the flavor!
Bitch, shake what ya' mama gave ya!

Devastator:
Here we go!  Here we go!
C'mon, c'mon, shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Lemme hear ya say shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Lemme hear ya say shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Raise it up!  Shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
C'mon, shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)
Shake what ya mama gave yaaa! (Shake what ya mama gave yaaa!)

[sound of the fellas trippin' in the club]
JT:  Hey, y'all get mad cause the ho don't wanna go with y'all!
C'mon baby, let's dipBitch:  Hey yo, fuck-ass JT, you 'round here tryin' to flauge
Actin' like you got shit, bitch, you ain't got no motherfuckin'
Money, bitch, ya can't motherfuckin' fuck, you ain't shit
Your Clan ain't shit, fuck all y'all, ya eat pussy, bitch, fuck
You,  ya smell stank, your breath shitty ...

Verse 1
[JT]  Mic check, 1-2, I'm all that!
Punk bitch!  So say that small rap
Talkin' that fuck-shit
'Bout ya don't like me, pussy ho, suck dick!
Your motherfuckin' problem ain't ho-hatin'
You're just mad cause yo' ass got straightened
But I don't give a fuck!
Hope you get hit by a truck, ya stank slut!
Tryin' to get fly!
Bitch, eat dick and die!
I ain't tryin' to play footsie
I got money, bitch, keep yo' stank pussy
Cause that ain't shit!
I can get pussy or head from some other bitch
I'm representin' for my niggas
So, fuck you gold-diggers
You playin' niggas too close!
[Uzi] Yo, my niggas, man, let these hoes know!

6x:
{Fuck y'all hoes!  Y'all ain't shit!
Y'all bitches need to start ridin' on a nigga' dick!}

Verse 3
[JT]  A lot of y'all hoes is slimy
I've been tellin' y'all 'bout yo' ass since '90
But y'all hoes still buggin'
A lot of bitches fuckin' around on they husbands
Ask me, I know
I've been tryin' to tell these niggas 'bout y'all hoes
But some niggas don't listen
And them the same fuck-niggas that I be dissin'
I don't give a fuck about the next nigga
I diss hoes and I'm still they main sex figure
So now what's up?
You wanna be a ho?  Be a ho!  I don't give a fuck!
That's your motherfuckin' business
Just give me meat, and you can leave when you're finished
See, I know how it goes
[Uzi] Hey, my niggas, once again, let these hoes know!

6x:
{Fuck y'all hoes!  Y'all ain't shit!
Y'all bitches need to start ridin' on a nigga' dick!}

Verse 2
[JT]  Y'all flaw ass bitches need to quit it
Y'all know y'all hoes, so go ahead and admit it!
Stop actin' all seditty! I ain't got no pity
I'll punch yo' ass in the tittie, bitty
Yeah, bitch, you know me
Same nigga from last year, put a foot in yo' ass here
See, bitches know the flavor
I know it's In your Nature, but a nigga still hate ya
Cause y'all hoes be trippin'
I ain't got shit for yo' ass but an ass-whippin'
Yeah, blame it on the Bitchizer
Hoes gettin' mad cause niggas gettin' wiser
See, I know how the game go'
That lover-boy shit played out with the Kangol
And for the niggas who livin' that way
Better get yo' ass a motherfuckin' Poison Clan tape
And fuck them hoes who be frontin'
[Uzi] For the last time, y'all, tell these hoes somethin'!

8x:
{Fuck y'all hoes!  Y'all ain't shit!
Y'all bitches need to start ridin' on a nigga' dick!}

*track stops, fellas shouting out sexist comments as they leave the studio*[ VERSE 1: JT Money ]
Wakin up every morning, pockets on e
Fuck that shit, school ain't for me
They just stoppin me from gettin dollars
I dropped out, fuck bein a scholar
I never did shit at school before
Yoked up Uzi and headed straight for the airport
Lookin for some bucks to grab
Fucked around, jacked some tourists in a yellow cab
With nothin but my bare hands
Oh boy, look at me comin clean with grands
Start touchin every day
Can't nann nigga tell me that crime don't pay
Bought me a auto with get-down 30s and cuts
Crush seats and bitches on my nuts
Talkin bout it's funny how
A young nigga quit school gettin money now
On a mission comin clean on a daily basis
With pocketbooks and high speed chases
Fat pockets swoll like they got the mumps
Droppin bets to all the little chumps
Throwin books to the hoes
Peelin out in the school zone, burnin out my ( ? )
See a mama and papa in the auto
Nobody's untouchable, that's my motto
Leavin no description for the police
Cause all they saw was black guns and gold teeth
And that describes every nigga in the jack game
Goin down with a alias name
They scared as fuck of a nigga like me
Reached out and touched more people than AT&T
Fuckin they world up, makin them curl up
All in the street and they still gettin beat
Cause that's the way I was taught
See, ain't shit illegal until you get caught
That's how I got the name J.T
Jackin Tourists for all they Money
While niggas on the corner I'm in the house gettin laid
I leave em sayin, "Goddamn, how he gettin paid?"
For what I'm doin you don't need a look-out
Grab the ho, get the money, throw the book out
I know my nigga Uzi'll get me away
Go to the crib, split the money cause in a day
I'm outta there without a clue
But yo, that's just some shit I used to do

[ VERSE 2: JT Money ]
Downtown, lookin for them dummies
With wire tags and purses full of money
Ask em for directions
Bustin u-turns in the middle of the inter section
I'm on they ass
Comin fast and I see that map on the dash
Bet your ass I'ma touch somethin
But them funky-ass heroes make a nigga wanna crush somethin
Fuck it, ain't nothin to it
Now he finna see how the boys from the Crib do it
( *interlude* )
Got that book now let's go
My nigga Uzi put that thing to the flo'
Hit a few corners
Make sure them punk-ass heroes ain't on ya
( ? ) so let's flex through the projects
Spend these grands and them Traveller's Cheques
Now we got a little flow
And I'ma keep the book so I can give it to a ho
Lets go round the way to brag
To the niggas bout the book we snagged
They know the boy gon' come through
But yo, that's just some shit I used to do

Yeah
Yo, I wanna say one time for all the original jackers ( ? )
My niggas Shorty T, Rick and Wayne
My nigga Uzi, Madball
One time for them boys out there in the city
The boys Overtown, y'all know what time it is
There's a few out there in ( ? ) Opa Locka
One time for the streets that paid a nigga, Biscayne Boulevard
7th Ave., 17th Ave., 27th Ave. 79th St
36th St., 46th St. 54th
One time me and Uzi and 183rd St. we fuck em up
One time for the one way 81st
One time for the airport, hotels, gas stations, all that crazy shit
One time for I-95, the perfect escape route