[Intro]
Uh, U.N.I.T.Y., U.N.I.T.Y. that's a unity
U.N.I.T.Y., love a black man from infinity to infinity
(Who you calling a bitch?)

[Hook:]
U.N.I.T.Y., U.N.I.T.Y. that's a unity (You gotta let him know)
(You go, come on here we go)
U.N.I.T.Y., Love a black woman from (You got to let him know)
Infinity to infinity (You ain't a bitch or a ho)
U.N.I.T.Y., U.N.I.T.Y. that's a unity (You gotta let him know)
(You go, come on here we go)
U.N.I.T.Y., Love a black man from (You got to let him know)
Infinity to infinity (You ain't a bitch or a ho)

[Verse 1]
Instinct leads me to another flow
Every time I hear a brother call a girl a bitch or a ho
Trying to make a sister feel low
You know all of that gots to go
Now everybody knows there's exceptions to this rule
Now don't be getting mad, when we playing, it's cool
But don't you be calling out my name
I bring wrath to those who disrespect me like a dame
That's why I'm talking, one day I was walking down the block
I had my cutoff shorts on right cause it was crazy hot
I walked past these dudes when they passed me
One of 'em felt my booty, he was nasty
I turned around red, somebody was catching the wrath
Then the little one said (Yeah me bitch) and laughed
Since he was with his boys he tried to break fly
Huh, I punched him dead in his eye and said "Who you calling a bitch?"

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I hit the bottom, there ain't nowhere else to go but up
Bad days at work give you an attitude and you erupt
And take it out on me but that's about enough
You put your hands on me again I'll put your ass in handcuffs
I guess I fell so deep in love I grew dependency
I was too blind to see just how it was affecting me
All I knew was you, you was all the man I had
And I was scared to let you go, even though you treated me bad
But I don't want my kids to see me getting beat down
By daddy smacking mommy all around
You say I'm nothing without ya, but I'm nothing with ya
A man don't really love you if he hits ya
This is my notice to the door, I'm not taking it no more
I'm not your personal whore, that's not what I'm here for
And nothing good gonna come to ya til you do right by me
Brother you wait and see (Who you calling a bitch?)

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
What's going on in your mind is what I ask ya
But like Yo-Yo, you don't hear me though
You wear a rag around your head and you call yourself
A "Gangsta Bitch" now that you saw Apache's video
I saw you wildin', acting like a fool
I peeped you out the window jumping girls after school
But where did all of this come from?
A minute ago, you was a nerd and nobody ever heard of ya
Now you a wannabe... hard
You barely know your ABC's, please
There's plenty of people out there with triggers ready to pull it
Why you trying to jump in front of the bullet (Young lady)
Uh, and real bad girls are the silent type
Ain't none of this worth getting your face sliced
Cause that's what happened to your homegirl, right? Bucking with nobody
She got to wear that for life (Who you calling a bitch?)

[Hook][Verse: Brandy]
Oh yeah ooh yeah
I would like to get to know if I could be
The kind of girl that you could be down for
Cause when I look at you I feel something tell me
That you're the kind of guy that I should make a move on

[Verse: Mc Lyte]
Yeah I get exotic with the melodic tune
I get hypnotic with the moon
But you got to put me down soon
I flip a sideshow if you come my way
Up, down, and around, even sideways
I'm about as ready as the Lyte can get
We can go all out
I ain't afraid of the sweat, but yet
I bet you got the techniques
To freak a girl inside out
What's that all about? (oooh yeah)
Can I have some of that?
You gotta put me on
Word around town is you're nine men strong
I wanna be put on in the worst way
Since the first day
I think it was a Thursday (oh baby)
You be that brother that I wanna sink my teeth in
Make me wanna ask “Where da hell you been?”
I like the way you be with all that personality
But I got flava too
You needs to get with me

[Hook: Brandy]
I wanna be down
With what you're going through
I wanna be down
I wanna be down with you
No matter the time
Of day or night it's true
I wanna be down

[Verse: Yo-Yo]
He was born twenty years ago
Just a pimp toes
Everyday new clothes
Look at the cut? Cool. Pose
On three, got tha heat, so bluff it
Sling' (censored) cause it's more than twenty duckets
Struck it, kinda rich
Now his pockets lookin' straight
Slam the deese on the Benzo
Pancake by the gate
Moms lookin' straight with her house she got
Great loungin' in her new home that's up out the state
I'll be your call mail, won't tell
You can get it when you want it
Even though you got chicks all up on you it
Don't matter, cause brother you're fly
I can't lie
I've been mackin' daddy from the corner of my eye
Now, baby bring it on
Don't be frontin' on your baby boo
All I wanna is what's up with you
How can I get with you
Seems like you got a hold on me
It must voodoo cause baby I want you

[Repeat Hook]

[Verse: Queen Latifah]
About yay short, about yay tall
About so big, about so small
About this length, about this width
About this flow, about this gift
Instinct leading me right up your alley way
Skip tha Moet, let's chill with some Alize
Nuff stress in our day
Let me massage your mind as my mental starts to play
A ghetto star's who you are
And I'll be your sexual chocolate bar
And I got to keep it strong for the cause
And you got to keep me strong for the tours
Brotherman and me, damn the family
What else could we be if no one understand us but we?
You were the first to tame me
Uh, Big Tif
I'm out

[Repeat Hook]

[Outro: Queen Latifah]
Hey here we go here we go here go now and it's on yeah
And you don't stop Brandy is in tha house and you don't stop
Until the body rock keep it on and you don't stop rock on[Spoken Intro:]
We gon take this one over to 275 Halsted
384 Stuyvesant
We gon take it over to 155 Morgan
144 Harrison

[Chorus:]
Just another day, living in the hood
Just another day around the way
Feelin good today, feelin lovely-yay
Just another day, living in the hood
Just another day around the way
Feelin good today
I hear the(gunshot), but I'm here to stay

[Verse 1]
Well it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
A beautiful day in the neighbor-hood
Can't go wrong, I feel strong and the flavor's good
I'm with whatever comes my way, hip-hop hooray
Latifah's on vacation, I'm just plain old Dana today
I strap out, step out in every direction
Glock, Techs, jimmy hats, in case I need protection
So I Land Cruise, pump sounds, play out wanna be’s
A kid in the M3's getting jacked right in front of me
So I play the Tech close, my finger's on the trigger
Don't wanna get wet, so they step
Cause mine's is slightly bigger
But better yet, I'm a threat, so you better walk
Or get sketched out in chalk, cause I don't wanna talk
I stay true blue, I'm hoping it's you too
I got the fever for the flavor of a Woo Woo
So it's back to the block, time to play
It's just another day around the way, hey

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
Time to chill, hit the hill uptown, let's peep the sights
Shoot some pool, act a fool, cause it's on tonight
I'm doing the knowledge, it's not easy, easy
Watchin a cop cuff a kid for sellin a clip to a D.T
But it's home, so I flex, get pressure's off my chest
Slip in a tape, now which hood should I hit next?
Stomach ache, head to Steak-N-Take for a bean pie
Get a Final Call from the brother in the bow tie
I'm where little kids, dream, and fiend for fun
Lots of laughter, moms, no pops playing with her son
I passed by a girl's wake, they say she died at seven
Hit by a stray, but I pray that there's a hood in heaven
Fake brothers claim there's no shame in their game
You know my name, show me a real nigga with a brain
So it's back to the block, time to play
It's just another day around the way, hey

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
You know I gotta give props, I can't stop
Without y'all, I'll be nothin
No wreckin', no checks, and no rhymin', no cuttin'
No stages, front pages, no phones, no beepers
No reason to put Queen in front of the name Latifah
I come with the real life perspective and rule
Cause me and my peoples around the way remain cool
So it's back to the block, time to play
It's just another day, around the way
Around the muthafuckin' way[AM]
Do we look? Where is love?
Has it gone? Do we search or move on?
Hear the wind as it blows
And my heart says the next time I'll know

[AM & QL]
1 - Set it off, I suggest y'all
Set it off, I suggest y'all
Set it off
Come on now, set it off

Set it off on the left y'all
Set it off on the right y'all
Set it off
Come on now, set it off

[AM]
Holding on, friends around
All together searching for a way out
When it's time, will we know?
Or will life grant us no second try

Repeat 1

[AM]
Now it's too late to work it out

[ON]
Now it's too late to work it out
I'm in too deep to just pull out

[AM]
There ain't no way I'll walk away

[ON]
There ain't no way I'll turn away
Nothing to do but set it off

Repeat 1

[AM]
Me hear police, them a chat about me just one time
Me live the life, love money, that's two crimes
What will be my destiny? Hey, hey
Me say silly of me to think that I could
Ever get away with crime
What will I do, hey

[QL]
When they come for you, check it
I got nowhere to go, nothin' to lose, I'm lost
Who rotton but Cleo, hot like ultra reels
Wit' my back to the wall, I put my gat to not dog
Replace your playa's ball with a number one ball
Situations up in here got me capable of sinnin'
You grinnin'? Watch me speed stick ya like Mennin
Lettin' it off, settin' it off, then beginning
Pinnin' these ill rhymes, representin' ill women
Set it

Repeat 1 until fade[Patra]
[Now this is time for free your mind and your soul
Yo, half the story has never been told
Ladies, you got to demand what you want And what we want is respect, right?
Yo, listen up on the track here so I can feel if it rides
Freedom everytime for the sisters.. Check us, watch this]

[Queen Latifah]
Now here we go now... Listen, If Hip Hop ruled I'd be the ruler like Slick Rick
Get with this quick witted Adidas wearing chick
Papa got a brand new bag, Mama got a brand new Jag
A gold tag, I ain't no old hag
I represent not only in the kitchen, in the bedroom
But also in the boardroom so give me more room
Deny me my opportunity, you in jeopardy
Yo-Yo, set me free, oh and then let me be
[Yo-Yo]
I'm fightin' for freedom, I got the heat in case you need 'em
I'm a straight soldier, ain't nobody told ya?
Hold up on them lies, I know your games and your plans
Do whatever you can to oppress the man
But when it's time to drop the bomb bring the funkiness on
You say you never met a sister so strong, you're wrong
Now how can we be free? It takes you and it takes me to live together in harmony
And peace and love and all of the above
Sisters comin' together representing one love
No disrespect, but we gotta get it together
No matter what's the weather, sisters gotta stick together
And sisters be strong, don't let 'em steer you wrong, hold on
Cuz sisters got it goin' on, yeah

[Left-Eye]
Whoever said these are the things that you can do
And the things you ain't supposed to?
So am I further when I think I'm getting closer?
That's when I tend to think of Rosa
How Rosa took a seat to make a stand
But now in standin' we gettin' more demanding
And they never thought of plannin'
That a wish for us to sit would be a dose of this fuckin' rollercoaster
Whether tradition or religion, why you question my decision?
Why you spend up all your time tryin' to get into my mind?
How everybody and their mama gots to add to all my drama
Mad drama, hell if I'm gonna keep my dominating, feministic, hell-creating
CrazySexyCool, black ass in the palms of your player-hater's stance
My only chance of being free is to fly within me and it's illegal
To kill a fuckin' eagle
A bird is never more important than my people
I guess we didn't need him so I took away his freedom

[MC Lyte]
My spiritual awareness leads me to believe
That you're doubtin' the sisters to come with the peace
We've been together since Jah created water
The African border, celebration is in order
Pop the cork and give champagne to the stork
That brought the Lyte to my Mama in New York
African I come again + again
You kick me down I get back up I'm comin back in multiples of 10
[Nefertiti]
You know where I come from Slung
From the belly of the beast, used to speak African tongue
So I showed her, next one rolled her Slung the devil over my shoulder
I'm gettin' over cuz I'm bolder than the next
Tell me nothin' cuz I speak the real truth from the text
Who's next to flex with this s-i-s-t-e-r?
The sun, the moon, the crescent, the star; well let's see how open you are

[Me'Shell NdegéOcello]
Come and take a walk with me, closer walk with thee, see what only I can see
Nobody knows the trouble I've seen
So it's back to the womb of everlasting life and truth
Let the heaven of a sister embrace you, and praise 'em of the gods
Come into the light, let it shine, blackness is fine
The blackness of the skin, the blackness of the mind

[Salt-N-Pepa]
I am who I am and that's who I be And I don't give a damn if your eyes can't see
If you can't see what I can see
That you're blind, baby, by a woman who's black
So back up, back up cuz it's on I'm-a tell ya strong what's wrong
With the world that we're living on
It ain't who ya know, it ain't what ya drive
It's about how you feel about yourself on the inside
When your self-esteem is low and they call you a ho, then you think you's a ho
But that ain't what the Lord God made you to be
I need you to see; you're black and you're free[Queen Latifah]
The ladies will kick it, the rhyme that is wicked
Those that don't know how to be pros get evicted
A woman can bear you, break you, take you
Now it's time to rhyme, can you relate to
A sister dope enough to make you holler and scream

[Monie Love]
Ayo, let me take it from here, Queen...
Excuse me but I think I'm about do
To get into precisely what I am about to do
I'm conversating to the folks that have no whatsoever clue
So listen very carefully as I break it down for you
Merrily merrily merrily merrily hyper happy overjoyed
Pleased with all the beats and rhymes my sisters have employed
Slick and smooth throwing down the sound totally a yes
Let me state the position: Ladies first, yes? (Yes)

(Yeah, there's going to be some changes in here)

[Monie Love]
Believe me when I say being a woman is great, you see
I know all the fellas out there will agree with me
Not for being one but for being with one
Because when it's time for loving it's the woman that gets some
Strong, stepping, strutting, moving on
Rhyming, cutting, and not forgetting
We are the ones that give birth
To the new generation of prophets because it's Ladies First

[Queen Latifah]
I break into a lyrical freestyle
Grab the mic, look into the crowd and see smiles
Cause they see a woman standing up on her own two
Sloppy slouching is something I won't do
Some think that we can't flow (can't flow)
Stereotypes, they got to go (got to go)
I'm a mess around and flip the scene into reverse
(With what?) With a little touch of "Ladies First"

Who said the ladies couldn't make it, you must be blind
If you don't believe, well here, listen to this rhyme
Ladies first, there's no time to rehearse
I'm divine and my mind expands throughout the universe
A female rapper with the message to send the
Queen Latifah is a perfect specimen

[Monie Love]
My sister, can I get some?

[Queen Latifah]
Sure, Monie Love, grab the mic and get dumb

[Monie Lovie]
Yo, praise me not for simply being what I am
Born in L-O-N-D-O-N and sound American
You dig exactly where I'm coming from
You want righteous rhyming, I'mma give you some
To enable you to aid yourself and get paid
And the material that has no meaning I wish to slay
Pay me every bit of your attention
Like mother, like daughter, I would also like to mention
I wish for you to bring me to, bring me to the rhythm
Of which is now systematically given
Desperately stressing I'm the daughter of a sister
Who's the mother of a brother who's the brother of another
Plus one more; all four
Have a job to do, we doing it
Respect due, to the mother who's the root of it
And next up is me, the M-O-N-I-E L-O-V-E
And I'm first cause I'm a L-A-D-I-E

[Queen Latifah]
Contact and in fact, the style, it gets harder
Cooling on the scene with my European partner
Laying down track after track, waiting for the climax
When I get there, that's when I tax
The next man, or the next woman
It doesn't make a difference, keep the competition coming
And I'll recite the chapter in verse
The title of this recital is "Ladies First"

Step out into the night
Queens of civilization are on the mic
The scene is right, the crowd is hype
I expel the wack and those who bite
Why, cause I'm that type
Swaying with beats 45 King style
He wants me to sing but I swing, so meanwhile
A footnote for the opposite sex
Monie ripped the mic, I rocked it next
Plex, you never catch me at my worst
You get the drift? It's Ladies First[Intro]

[Hook x2: Harmony]
Heal yourself, you got to heal yourself
Heal yourself, ooohhh

[Kid Capri talks]

[Verse 1: Big Daddy Kane]
Mama said don't do crack and smoke you know
Cause it will make your nose grow like Pinocchio
Since I was only 15 I had to listen
To what was said for my parent was a christian
I went to school and saw all my friends do it
But I said no cause I don't want my nose to grow
They started tripping on me, busting and flipping on me
So I had to front and say yo, true, stick it on me
I started smoking to prove I'm an adult
Now it's a habit but is it all my fault
I wished my mother would have told me the truth
Cause now I'm all based out, ma dukes

[Kid Capri]
Oh man I like the way that's going down
Now why won't you do is kick a little Freddie Foxx

[Verse 2: Freddie Foxxx]
Everybody rise as I present to a jet black crowd
What it's like to be black and proud
In a world where white is right but not tonight
This is a black man's might
I heard a sister say she don't like darker shades of black
On a man cause that's whack
But to my light skin sister can't you tell
You're just the surface of a dark deep well
And how can you prefer to be wit those
That sprayed you wit gun and hoses
And never put roses on the graves
Of the slaves that they treated like dirt
After all that hard work

[Kid Capri]
Clap your hands to the beat, C'mon, just clap your hands to the beat
Freak it now

[Verse 3: LL Cool J]
One of the biggest lies you hear from no one else
Is when a girl tries to say she don't do it to herself
Always fantasizing but steadily denying
Last night she had to stop cause her baby was crying
She do it on the phone all alone wit a smile
Run the water, grab the shower cap and get buckwild
Soap suds on the floor, oh Al B Sure
Give it to me, give it to me, give me a little more
I'm fiending, creaming, screaming, dreaming (what else)
The girl's possessed by the basehead demon

[Hook: Harmony]

[Verse 4: MC Lyte]
In Elementary, Lyte had the Jordache look
Like me and any other kid who cared about books
But then I got wise and I begin to listen
To the whack teachers and the wick-wack system
My mother put me in Weusi Shule
Which means black school in Swahili
And there is where I learned black history
And how to be the best that I can be
I went back and now the school is closed
There is nowhere for black youth to go
To be taught by brothers and sisters who knows what it means
To be a black child or a white teen
In the end the youth is being mistreated
Which means the world is being cheated

[Verse 5: Queen Latifah]
Dane was never taught her life was worth something
But when people don't try to improve it makes me want to hurt something
You want to be somebody and be a standout
But got your handout, oh you're broke, I guess it's off to your man's house
Why is sister's giving up the ball
Today it seems not to father you too hard
They call us squeezers and you prove it to the worst
You have to earn the right to say it's ladies first

[Kid Capri]
Oh man this is Human Education Against Lies
You better know the flavor kid

[Verse 6: KRS-One]
Human Education Against Lies tries
To open the eyes of humanity before it dies
Black and white ain't the real fight
That's the only thing the media hypes
The real fight are these major corporations
Holding back on real education
Before you're a color, first you're human
Teaching humanity is what we're doing

[Kid Capri]
And just when you thought you knew everything there was to know
You didn't know anything about this, tell 'em Melodie

[Verse 7: Ms Melodie]
Daddy's home everyday since he lost his job
His new line of work is now beating up mom
Mom is scared, she doesn't know what to do
Her beautiful skin is now black and blue
She used to cry, now she's back in the pen
A human war between women and men

[Kid Capri]
Melodie, Kid Capri

[Verse 8: Jam Master Jay and DMC]
Jam jay on the way, yo
Human Education Against Lies
To all the girls and to all the guys
Get paid, get it made
Get a good grade, live to a very old age
Checking out jet, no disrespect
To each and every member of the opposite sexes
Is yes, listen to the messages and I send some
We never knew where the poison came from
Yo, we're rapping on H.E.A.L. so we thought we like to mention
Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome
AIDS, we're here to make you get wise
Human Education Against Lies

[Kid Capri talks][45 King]
Let's start the show off, sisters ago look alive
The Queen Latifah, the King of 45
Bringing a mixture of pure flavor
I make beats, she rock rhymes, so I
Gave a
A sample sound, the she added a compound
Word, this is for those who haven't heard
A King and Queen combine minds and trample
Thos who oppose us, here's an example

[Queen Latifah]
It's time to run, the King and Queen is on the set
The competition is petty and ready to step
To the first one, go ahead, rehearse one
I hope you don't know you sound like the worst one
Rhymes are smoking, concentration can't be broken
Queen Latifah's outspoken
Use your imagination, picture this
Any male or female rapper trying to diss
Here for excitement and enticement
With my competitors killed I go build with my enlightenment
Teach the youth, feed the needy
Confident decendent of Queen Nefertiti
The mother of civilization will rise
Like the cream and still build the strong foundation
Secondary but necessary to reproduce
Acknowledge the fact that I'm black and I don't lack
Queen Latifah is giving you a piece of my mind
A rhyme spoken by a feminine teacher
Rhymes I do employ, no time for slimy toys
I'm steady and stable and the label is Tommy Boy
Backed by The Unit, produced by The King
Perfection pressed with the style that we bring
For the hip-hop patients, this is a King and Queen creation

[45 King]
Technician, musical musician
I'm stating the facts, strictly non-fiction
In hip-hop, you wonder who's in trouble most
Creativity, you get a double dose
How can you stop me? No, I put you to a test
The rhymes are Romeo (The beat's a Juliet)
With topic blend, this makes me a hard one
Persevere, I'm here, gets taught one
Strength producer, I send you an ultimatum
Hardcore worldwide is how I take 'em
I rock, never hyperventilate
Others get tired, could use a commercial break
45 King, DJ Mark's my alias
It takes a ton of MC's to prevail against me
Just listen, I'm unstoppable
You want a mission?  This one's impossible
Beats rock all night with no curfew
My talent's advanced, you haven't a clue
How I do it, the smoothest loopest spare it
If the style fits, I wear it
Many attempts were made, none was recognized
45 King said sample soundified
I'm going to Wonderland to check, find out who's next
You pretty good, but not quite a legend yet
Studio mixer, I got the formula
And said the man from self, I'm warning you
It's my domain, just ask my chauffer
My ride's equipped everything from a pool to a sofa
On top, it's a usual act
Can't wait to get down to 45 Studios
I'm into rap, but no urge to sing
I'm DJ Mark, 45, 45 King of Swing[Intro:]
(Why y'all ain't say—?!
Yo, you KNOW
You know you was supposed to say something to me.)
Ooh, baby baby
Aww yeah
Clap your hands y'all)

[Verse 1:]
Check it!
Dig it while I rip it
Check it while I wreck it
(Give it to 'em, La!)
Okay, gimme a few seconds
First, I give a shout to every
Jersey-born-and-bred head
And everybody in New York
From brunettes to red heads
Who got my back? (Jersey got your back!)
Yo, tell me who got my back? (The Bronx got your back!)
Yo, tell me who got my back? (Brooklyn got your back!)
Yo-yo-yo who got my back? (Uptown got your back!)
Thank you as I come back into the beat
Give a shoutout to my brother L.A.N.C.E
Up in heaven, resting, chilling, watching over me
You know you're too good to be forgotten
Papa wasn't there but there was Lance in the house
And so, to me and Mommy, you the man of the house
Always flip the script back to the old days
I used to rock it on the high school stage
I used to drink 40s
Back then I didn't blaze
Switched to the pipe with the peace these days
Just go on to let you know I flow on
I'm wicked out my gluteus, so ho on and ho on (hoo-ooo)
That's what we about to do (hoo-ooo)
Take you on a mission with the Flavor U
Uh, me no deal with no dibby dibby flip flop
I get mad when it comes to playing hip hop

[Chorus:]
But chill
(Gimme five on the black hand side)
Just chill
(Gimme five on the black hand side)
Yo chill
(gimme five on the black hand side)
Uh
(gimme five on the black hand side)
Come on chill
(gimme five on the black hand side)

[Verse 2:]
Check it fear don't live in here
Tears don't bring me cheers
So gear for another year because I had it up to here
Yeah, I'm about through with you
You wack and rooty poo
Rip up a crew after I hear the one and the two
I'm ret' to set it off again
Wanna bet I can wreck you and your next of kin?
In fact, don't make me have to get the royal gatt
You best to get your narrow ass off that crack
We'll play any show and I know that I'll pack it
Attack it with my tactics
I'm loaded like a full metal jacket
I flip mines to get mines
I'm happy to get with you
But you can't come out to play right now
You got to much shit to do
It's all game
It all sounds the same
Them suckers know my name is
Sitting on the tips of their brains
But they're ashamed
They scared to face me
Yet they want to disgrace me, erase me
They must be freaking crazy
I'm the La La La from Halstead
Bred with the Queen as a prefix
It's off with your head
And that's a promise cause I don't make threats
So mind your neck, cause it's about to get set

[Chorus:]
C'mon set it off
(Gimme five on the black hand side)
Uh, set it off
(Gimme five on the black hand side)
Somebody set it off
(Gimme five on the black hand side)
Watch the La, set it off
(Gimme five on the black hand side)

Uh, set it off
(Gimme five on the black hand side)
Uh, set it off
(Gimme five on the black hand side)
Watch the La, set it off
(Gimme five on the black hand side)
Checks the Queen, set it off
(Gimme five on the black hand side)

Parlay
Ah uh, yeah (3x)
Black reign 1993
I'd like to welcome you to this album
Matter of fact, I'd like to welcome you to a new day
A new day to hear me
Check this out ya'llWho brings the flavor?
That's me, that's me
Who brings the flavor?
That's me. I got it

[Verse 1:]
Oh no, it's a scandal
I drop upon the mic like an anvil
And they'll praise me
For mad thoughts, I'm crazy
I'm searchin'
Lookin' for the target
You don't know what hard is
This ain't all this hard yet
But I don't wanna be hard
I just wanna flow
Cause rhymin' is my game
And I play it like a pro
So what?
You want to know my name?
Dana Elaine
All hail the queen acclaimed
Drive you insane
Woman with a brain
I'm a Flavor Unit MC
And that means I'm one of the roughest
Def-est, toughest, best-est
Wickedest MCs rappers in the place
But if you try get swift?
I'mma punch you in your face
I'm a higher flier
Why you wanna cry?
I'm already hot, so put me in the fire
Give me a pen and pad and it's over
Bye-ya!
See ya later, alligator
Hey D, bring the flavor

[Chorus:]
Bring the flavor, La, bring the flavor, bring the flavor, La, bring the flavor (2x)
I get down with the F.U. crew, the only way to be, the only thing to do, ooh! (2x)

[Verse 2:]
Yup, yup, yup
I be Latifah on the mic and
When I'm rhymin' don't you call my bluff
Because I hate it when I have to get dangerous
It divides, it loosens, and it weakens and it changes us
You want more? Sure
I fill you up like Texaco
I switch to Spanish
And rock it from here to Mexico
Record go, yo
Watch the pro
Let me flow
I'm raking in the dough on the down low
So me no know
Don't get me riled
I get wick-wick-wild
Flex styles by the pile
So smile for awhile
Aware, my dear—
(Kick-kick-kick, snare)
That the flavor's in the air
Oh yeah

[Chorus:]
The flavor's in the air, the flavor's in the air (4x)
Bring the flavor, La, bring the flavor (4x)
I get down with the F.U. crew, the only way to be, the only thing to do, ooh! (2x)

[Verse 3:]
Peep me cause I'm not sneaky or freaky on the mic
I just grab it, grip it, rip it right
And the girls know it (know it)
And the guys know it (know it)
I'll put your best to a test (wanna bet?)
Wanna bet you'll blow it?
I'll smoke you like a cigarette
Just give me the mic
I'll give you wreck
And save your idle threats for the next rap
I'll take it without the cream
So leave it black
But you can leave the sugar
So I can make green-like-a-booger money
In the bank
No need for actin' stank
It's a sad thing to watch you get gassed like a tank
And spank
Look at the intelligent female I N I
Don't try it
You know I don't buy it
Now, uh, if your get-up-and-go
Done got up and gone
I wrote this song
So you can rock the hip-hop all night long
So I want a gigawatt in the back of your Jeep
So I can blast the shoes off your crusty feet

[Chorus:]
It's like this, it's like this, it's like this, it's like this (2x)
I get down with the F.U. crew, the only way to be, the only thing to do, ooh! (2x)
Bring the flavor, La, bring the flavor (4x)[Intro: Queen Latifah]
Dana Owens aka Queen Latifah, yes I'm here to testify
No, I gotta speak on my behalf, you don't even know
What happened
Can I just tell you what happened?

[Hook: Macy] (Latifah)
He had it comin' (He had it comin')
He only had himself to blame
If you'd a been there, if you'd a seen it
I think that you would have done the same

[Verse 1: Queen Latifah] (Macy)
I mean imagine, why was he hittin' his woman?
Why was she takin' that?
Now picture her fightin' back, picture the ass kickin'
Think of his ass flippin' down the stairs
And me at the top smilin', he shoulda stopped wildin'
Now could you picture me tryin' to finish him off?
See why I pictured me on this side of the law
High heels leave holes, you'd a thought I was gunnin'
Now the cops comin', I ain't runnin'
(He had it comin')
Girl you shoulda seen it, shoulda bobbed and weaved
Before the cops came, got a coupla clean hits
In word the ??? couldn't take the abuse
But I couldn't explain that to the state troops
But you know girl, yeah you go girl
Plus I look real cute in orange jump suits
This the story I'm tellin' and I ain't changin' nothin'
I just needed you to know Your Honour

[Hook] - 2X

[Verse 2: Lil' Kim] (Macy)
Aiight aiight, let's get this over with
Take the mug shot, hurry up the fingerprints
What the blood clot?
Lil' Kim aka Sofia Luchiani
Keep your jump suit, I'm rockin' Armani
Yeah, I bust at him once, but that was just a warnin'
My lawyer will be here with bail money in the mornin'
I'm not guilty, just tryin' to protect mine
It ain't my fault he ran into my knife 20 times (He had it comin')
Just my luck the bastard ain't die
What you woulda did if every other day he blacked ya eye?
Broke ya nose 'til it started bleedin'
Kicked you in ya ribs, chocked you 'til you stopped breathing
(Fuck) that, I'm sick of bobbing and weaving
Threatenin' to kill me when I threaten to leave him
I do a bid, cause ain't no way
(Nigga) gonna do me like Ike and OJ

[Hook] - 2X

[Verse 3: Queen Latifah]
This is for the constantly accused, mentally abused
How many of you been in my shoes before, aiight
Or have you felt you caught the worse case
Puttin' up wit his tired ass in the first place
Why am I flippin'? I just bought them condoms
I ain't used not one but there was two missin'
Get a new mission, how to catch a cheater
If he only use coach, you shouldn't smell ???
If you know he don't smoke, you shouldn't smell reefer
If you catch him cheatin' you shouldn't yell either
Run up on him quietly, took him out silently
It might sound cruel, but you gotta love the irony
So explain that, just came back off a trip
And I come home to this, please
He ain't followed the guidelines
So forgive me Your Honour, he ran into my knife five times

[Hook] - 3X[Verse 1:]
Welcome into my Queendom (My Queendom)
Come one come all
When it comes to lyrics, I bring them (I bring them)
In spring I sing, in fall I call out to
All the ones who had a hard day
I prepared a place on my dance floor
The time is now for you to par-tay
I thought it would be a good chance for you to move
(One nation under a groove)
House music always soothes
So get with the flow, let's go, yo
Can you rock to a house groove tempo?
If so, then shall we let the games begin?
What better off position can you be in?
I'm on fire, the flame's too hot to douse
The pool is over, come into my house

[Chorus]
Don't make me wait
Come into my house (Give me body)
Don't make me wait
Come into my house (Give me body)

[Verse 2:]
Here's a dance step from Al and Kika
Bass and treble flow through the speakers
Ride the rhythm, I know it's gonna reach ya
I'm the queen, Latifah
Now it's time to run through it
45 King? (Yeah, baby?) Cue it
Yeah, there you go, I told you you could do it
Now did you enjoy it? (That was cool)
I knew it
Dance to the beat of the drum
Give me some
With the Flavor Unit I've come
To say "ride the groove line"
Don't swing the pipe bomb
Listen to the smooth line
Throw away the white line
It's a house party I'm hosting (What?)
Come and rock with the one that's chosen
It can't turn me inside out (Uh uh)
For who dare to, come into my house

[REPEAT Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
It's a new fusion I'm using
You ask what is it I'm doing?
Hip-hop house, hip-hop jazz, with a little pizzazz
From the queen, the Queen of Royal Badness
Remember me from "Wrath of My Madness?"
It's my rap that rocks this party
I'm a hijack and jack your body
This is not an erotic interlude
Keep in mind I move multitudes
The Asiatic Black woman, hardcore beat drumming
It's hard to keep a good woman down, so I keep coming
Blow for blow, I take and I get some
Still I rise in a civilized wisdom
I hope the lyrical display has you around
It's an open invitation
Come into my house

[REPEAT Chorus][Chorus:]
Brothers better strap they thang-thang
Ladies, don't let them in if they don't have a condom
Brothers better strap they thang-thang
Ladies, don't let them in if they don't have a condom

[Verse 1:]
Some days I wake up grumpy
On other days, I let the brother sleep
But if there's no peace for the peace [?]
I say peace to the beast in heat
Let's talk about a Slim Jim jimmy chance in hell
If you can't protect a peck, your chances fail
That's just the pride I keep
He could great sideways, inside out
But still left on the side street
That's just a bare fact
My definition of bareback?
“Come at me bare? Don't come back”
Slap!
Try fittin' with a mitten
So you won't be trippin' and flippin'
And skinnydipping in the queen's kitten
So come and get candid
Kiss the candy
No claps
Can't stand me if I offend he
You can't be saved by the skin on your teeth
But the skin on your friend
Could be your end, to say the least
Peace
And I won't give a thang
Cause I'm down with the true crew
Down with the coochie bang

[Repeat Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
Slick, kick a groove
Don't show the trick in you
Fit the move smooth
Or forget it with the stick-and-move
And don't get tricky with the kissy poo
And don't say “don't be cruel” when I'm dissin' you
Kissin' you don't mean stickin' you
And If I was wishing to
Then you gotta know who I listen to
Like TLC
Me in heat
When lovin' me, couldn't care
If your hat was 2 da back, G
Don't turn the caution off
Turn it often
And don't say “always” then “often” and soften
Someday soon, you got to get to love what you got
Then you get love a lot
Get the point, yah?
You get faded like the face of any great sir
Slow down the fast pace, sir, until it's safer
And I won't give a thang
Because I'm down with the true crew
Down with the coochie bang

[Repeat Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Some go from this one to that one
From wick-wick to wack one
You face one, you place one
The safe one's a strapped one
And I don't wanna buy my friends
Forget your promises and use your “condom” sense
Or I'm a glimpse
Then I'm gone
So long
The only thing that's on is your clothes
Now go home
And you can ho 'til the snow's gone
And I'll be here 'til the last hard head dead ho's gone
Either strap up or pack up is my motto
You say, “I wanna stay”
I say, “I know, yo, but bye. Go.”
Let's take it to the extent
If you love her, when you rub her
Brother, take her hint (word)
And I won't give a thang
Because I'm down with the true crew
Down with the coochie bang

[Repeat Chorus]It's a fact I'll attest to, mess around and I'll arrest you
I ain't playing, you know what I'm saying?
This ain't the best you've ever hear coming from a female MC
But you know what I mean? (Hail to the Queen!)
This MC stands for "Microphone Commando"
When I command that you take a hand
And throw it up in the air, yeah, just like that now
Chill, and watch me rap cause I'm flowing (Flowing)
Just like water I slaughter (Slaughter)
A battle, put me in it, I win it
The mission is music and rhythm
Rhythm backed by words, all in my system
System by techniques, techniques I got my heart in
Heart into the music, music I take part in
One try, one God, and one destiny
Just dance for me

	"Dance to the music"  (Repeat 2x)

Now understand that you must (dance) because this is a beat to clap to
My brother Lance said "Latifah you got to make them get up off their feet"
So I put my rhyme to a DJ Mark beat
Ample samples, this for example
Are made by the 45 King, so cancel
Your plans of moving to the front lines
He's a DJ, producer, and mind you a friend of mine
I hop, dip, and spend with the children
So get down with the sound and you will lend
To let me bring while I bring
Queen Latifah to the 45 King, creating
A new style in the name of the Flavor Unit
That's the way we like it, so I'm doing it
So if you want to know what the plan is to be
I order you to dance for me

	"Dance to the music"  (Repeat 2x)

My voice is your choice at a stage show
I do it for the Flavor Unit to make you say "ho"
With powerful lyrics I'm armed
To let a sucker step up and get bombed
By a beat created by my producer
To break you out of the stuff that you're used to
This here is a moment of truth
So take the record to the DJ booth
And let's start this, let the beat get dumb
Cause I'm a shake it all night and then some
People dancing, I can spot 'em
When I take control, you know I got 'em
Stop the music?  That's not a question
The Flavor Unit takes no suggestions
If you're not on the dance tip, here's your chance to be
I order you to dance for me

	"Dance to the music"  (Repeat 6x)[Queen Latifah]
You asked, I came, so behold the Queen
Let's add a little sense to the scene
I'm living positive, not out here knocked up
But the lines are so dangerous, I ought to be locked up
This rhyme doesn't require prime time
I'm just sharing thoughts of mine
Back again cause I knew you wanted it
From the Latifah with the Queen in front of it
Dropping bombs, you're up in arms, you're puzzled
The lines will flow like fluid while you're guzzling
The sip I drop you on a BDP-produced track
From KRS to be exact
It's a Flavor Unit quest that today has me speaking
Cause it's knowledge I'm seeking
Enough about myself, I think it's time that I tell you
About the evil that men do

Situations, reality, what a concept!
Nothing ever seems to stay in step
So today, here is a message to my sisters and brothers
Here are some things I want to cover
A woman strives for a better life, but who the hell cares?
Because she's living on welfare
I government can't come up with a decent housing plan
So she's in no man's land
It's a sucker who tells you you're equal

[KRS-One]
You don't need him, Johannasburg's crying for freedom!

[Queen Latifah]
We the people hold these truths to be self-evident

[KRS-One]
But there's no response from the president

[Queen Latifah]
Someone's living the good life, tax-free
Except for a girl, can't find a way to be crack free
And that's just part of the message
I thought I had to send you about the evil that men do

Tell me, don't you think it's a shame?
When someone can put a quarter in a video game
But when a homeless person approaches you on the street
You can't treat him the same
It's time to teach the def, the dumb, the blind
That black-on-black crime only shackles and binds
You to a doom, a fate worse than death
But there's still time left
Stop putting your conscience on cease
And bring about some type of peace
Not only in your heart, but also in your mind
It will benefit all mandkind
Then there will be one thing that will never stop
And it's the evil that men doYo
Everybody in the Flavor Unit is real def
But we're gonna make one record altogether
Who's gonna go first?

[ VERSE 1: Apache ]
Here's another rapper that thought he caught me 'sleep
MC's, you feel frogous - leap
Rhymin dictionaries - on the contrary
Your style's plain, it stays the same, mines vary
From A to Z, just like the alphabet
Find another brother to [fuck] with, cause I'ma get
Angry, then run through the chain of command
The last to stand fled, cause he's a dead man
Egos are bruised, MC's get confused
I filter out the wack, then cruise
Past at a swift pace, let's lace
The rhyme with dope - take a toke, just in case
The song's too strong, take two pulls and pass
Smoke fumes from the mic might make you gasp
For another breath, it's a slow death
Fight, you tried, but you died, now who's left?
Dead on arrival, if you survive you'll
Remember the name, Flavor Unit'll guide you
Apache, that's me, so flee
Stop talkin, I'm a walkin one-man posse
You're steppin on thin ice, flexin smooth and nice
Each cut's precise, here's some advice
A lotta power, it's time to peep the God
Of the Flavor Unit Assassination Squad

[ VERSE 2: Lakim Shabazz ]
There's no need to wonder why you was kept in the dark
Your rhymes are not flowin, they're showin stretchmarks
Who told you we were dead broke?
Thinkin you're choice, and your voice sound like you got a stretched throat
You're just another duck, a certified buttercup
You better duck, I'm throwin lyrical uppercuts
Verses are versatile, I'm worth your while
Put a punk against me, I murder the child
Thinkin of a mystery that gets to me
Playin around sayin you're gonna dis the G
You wish to be, just like me
You wanna battle me? I insist that we
Toss up a coin - head's up, now let's kick off
The Hip-Hop Superbowl, see who'll get picked off
Not me, I'ma win by a mile or two
And make you feel like a molecule
I stand in the square of Pure Righteousness
Your song was dope, but yo, it's not hype as this
They say you live a life of the rich and famous
To me it's the life of the weak and nameless
Rappers get roasted, toasted, barbecued
Lyrics explode then they're blown into particles
Thought you were sly and slick, a clever cat
You take me out? Yo - never that
I'm God, a descendant of Master Fard
The Flavor Unit Assassination Squad

[ VERSE 3: Queen Latifah ]
Make a wish like Aladdin
I'ma step to the mic, you wish you hadn't
Cause I get mad when
You attempt to invade my queendom
Stop dreamin, don't hand me that
I murder, maim, and handicap
A female prevails, start bitin your nails
You're nervous, join the service, I'm hyped as hell
A feminine teacher in the form of Queen Latifah
I hype the mic and pump the speakers
I don't wanna dig too deep, who are you to sleep
On me, the Queen of the Flavor Unit posse
You wanna step? Then step hard
This is the Flavor Unit Assassination Squad

[ VERSE 4: Double J ]
I listen to some riff while the others stand stiff
I'll uplift the gift and have nothin to deal with
You're bull, some get pull from, it hurts my nerve
But I'ma serve, give em what they deserve
They wanna try to act hot like they just won a jackpot
Think they can flow (but no, not by a long shot)
The J without delay here to display
While other rappers decay the Flavor Unit will stay
On the top of the situation
Untouchable concentration leads to elevation
We'll stay untouched with the style that's too much
As the mic gets clutched, such
A dope voice puts fear in your heart through your ear
Listen close, and you'll hear
The Unit coincide as one, outsiders run
You want respect? Forget it, you're gettin none
I'll advise, improvise, teach you learnin
Get respect the old fashion way - we'll earn it
But you execute before I'm through, yo
This is what I'm prepared to do
Rock that ass real fast, the nation's hard
The Flavor Unit Assassination Squad

[ VERSE 5: Lord Alibaski ]
Get swift possession, a lyrical session
A family affair, Alibaski's lettin
Off another dose of words to shank a man
Tenacious, the hip-hop anchorman
Little bit of rep growin and it's dominant
Roll MC's over on my own recognizance
Since the beat in 6/8 causes a swirl
Creating the 8th wonder of the world
It's my turn, so I think I'll flow till
I can make a mountain out of a molehill
The King will let off his beat that's so chill
Release me, so I can go kill
Competitors who work through hours of rain
I'm a notorious lynchman, I got powers of pain
Pure punishment, so run and get
Reserves, so I can serve abundant with
Ship em out to me, cause the dollars are greener
But the first question first, but don't miss the meaning
Are you capable? Spit it out, tell me are you able
Or would you prefer the view from the scorer's table
Razorsharp, hits are bein landed
Played my part, diss, I'm countin heads, and
The dynamic duo of the Flavor, you know
Ready for any- and everybody or who, so
Be it, when my lyrics fill the air
I get hungry, and the mic's my silverware
I bring the crew, you face your doom, I'm large
The Flavor Unit Assassination Squad[Patra]
[Now this is time for free your mind and your soul
Yo, half the story has never been told
Ladies, you got to demand what you want And what we want is respect, right?
Yo, listen up on the track here so I can feel if it rides
Freedom everytime for the sisters.. Check us, watch this]

[Queen Latifah]
Now here we go now... Listen, If Hip Hop ruled I'd be the ruler like Slick Rick
Get with this quick witted Adidas wearing chick
Papa got a brand new bag, Mama got a brand new Jag
A gold tag, I ain't no old hag
I represent not only in the kitchen, in the bedroom
But also in the boardroom so give me more room
Deny me my opportunity, you in jeopardy
Yo-Yo, set me free, oh and then let me be
[Yo-Yo]
I'm fightin' for freedom, I got the heat in case you need 'em
I'm a straight soldier, ain't nobody told ya?
Hold up on them lies, I know your games and your plans
Do whatever you can to oppress the man
But when it's time to drop the bomb bring the funkiness on
You say you never met a sister so strong, you're wrong
Now how can we be free? It takes you and it takes me to live together in harmony
And peace and love and all of the above
Sisters comin' together representing one love
No disrespect, but we gotta get it together
No matter what's the weather, sisters gotta stick together
And sisters be strong, don't let 'em steer you wrong, hold on
Cuz sisters got it goin' on, yeah

[Left-Eye]
Whoever said these are the things that you can do
And the things you ain't supposed to?
So am I further when I think I'm getting closer?
That's when I tend to think of Rosa
How Rosa took a seat to make a stand
But now in standin' we gettin' more demanding
And they never thought of plannin'
That a wish for us to sit would be a dose of this fuckin' rollercoaster
Whether tradition or religion, why you question my decision?
Why you spend up all your time tryin' to get into my mind?
How everybody and their mama gots to add to all my drama
Mad drama, hell if I'm gonna keep my dominating, feministic, hell-creating
CrazySexyCool, black ass in the palms of your player-hater's stance
My only chance of being free is to fly within me and it's illegal
To kill a fuckin' eagle
A bird is never more important than my people
I guess we didn't need him so I took away his freedom

[MC Lyte]
My spiritual awareness leads me to believe
That you're doubtin' the sisters to come with the peace
We've been together since Jah created water
The African border, celebration is in order
Pop the cork and give champagne to the stork
That brought the Lyte to my Mama in New York
African I come again + again
You kick me down I get back up I'm comin back in multiples of 10
[Nefertiti]
You know where I come from Slung
From the belly of the beast, used to speak African tongue
So I showed her, next one rolled her Slung the devil over my shoulder
I'm gettin' over cuz I'm bolder than the next
Tell me nothin' cuz I speak the real truth from the text
Who's next to flex with this s-i-s-t-e-r?
The sun, the moon, the crescent, the star; well let's see how open you are

[Me'Shell NdegéOcello]
Come and take a walk with me, closer walk with thee, see what only I can see
Nobody knows the trouble I've seen
So it's back to the womb of everlasting life and truth
Let the heaven of a sister embrace you, and praise 'em of the gods
Come into the light, let it shine, blackness is fine
The blackness of the skin, the blackness of the mind

[Salt-N-Pepa]
I am who I am and that's who I be And I don't give a damn if your eyes can't see
If you can't see what I can see
That you're blind, baby, by a woman who's black
So back up, back up cuz it's on I'm-a tell ya strong what's wrong
With the world that we're living on
It ain't who ya know, it ain't what ya drive
It's about how you feel about yourself on the inside
When your self-esteem is low and they call you a ho, then you think you's a ho
But that ain't what the Lord God made you to be
I need you to see; you're black and you're free[Intro: Erykah Badu]
Yeah, funk you up, we gon' funk you up
If you not ready, you better get yourself together
We gon' funk you up, we gon' funk you up

[Hook: Erykah Badu]
Love of my life!
Ring-ding-dong
Ring-a-ding-ding-ding-dong
Ring-ding-dong
Ring-a-ding-ding-ding-dong

[Repeat Hook]

Love of my life!

[Verse: Erykah Badu]
Twenty seven sets with the Serious, his mine
Wanna battle on the bump, then I say let's rhyme
I'm comin comin you come in on my rappin
Thanks for your support, but sucker's stop strappin
You be so upset, after leavin' the bash
You go home, feel bad and throw your mic in the trash
Obviously I did it with of words I meant ta
Go tell ya mama, Apple sent ya.....
Home, where you belong, cuz you ain't strong
Knick knack, paddie whack, give me back my bone
High rollin' til the last rhyme's broken
Apple's on the mic, now bitch who's jokin?

[Repeat Hook 2x]

[While second hook is playin: Queen Latifah]
Yeah, uh, I would like to introduce myself
Queen L-A-T-I-F-A-H, is the name!

[Verse: Queen Latifah]
First he was poppin, we ain't gon' stop and
Keep them heads boppin, the remix droppin
Big girl, big trucks, big whips, whip up
Gots de palootie in my bag, shut your lips up!
Do it, turn it up, we gon' do it, dun
Take it in the pool and pass out on the furniture
Hip-Hop body, I just wanna party
Grab somebody, sing "La-di-da-di"
It's 7-P suits dor-it-dora
Suit cay, sayin a U.K nora
Erykah, Angie, me, Bahamadia
You know it feels right, it's the...hey!

[Repeat Hook]

[While hook is playin: Angie Stone]
Ang-ang-angie, ang-ang-angie....

[Verse: Angie Stone]
Now before I want to bring you into this zone
I think I better let you know that I am Angie Stone
Hands on the paper, things better change up
I wanna sing, but I think I better hold up
B.I, beehive, you gotta a low ride
Can't stop, won't stop, backin to Lon-don
As I flip the Hip-Hop drops on ya
You fo' reel? So sing it!
Rollin Erykah, Queen, Angie, Bahamadia
Or Richie fine.......
Angie P, see Page, that's me
I can rock you crazy!

[Repeat Hook]

[While hook is playin: Bahamadia]
Baham-baham-bahamadia, baham-baham-bahamadia....

[Verse: Bahamadia]
What's the deal? My name's Bahamadia
Ain't no chick in the game who get it done like me
I've been chosen by G.O.D
To show the whole world the meaning of MC
Look, I be in dope with a thing called Hip-Hop (Hip-Hop)
People together like B-Boys in shell tops
And it don't stop cuz we can't quit
Bahamadia gonna getcha, it's built in the up lift
I beat dawgs who live life on dipsiss
Soloist with the iller dope accient
A livin legend, baby throw me on the track and
I'm gaurenteed, Bahamadia get it crackin

[Outro: Erykah Badu] (Angie Stone) {Both}
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up
Get up, get up, get up (SIT BACK DOWN!)
You right on up, we gon' funk you right on up
(WE GON' FUNK YOU UP BOY!)
Funk you right on up, we gon' funk you right on up
{If you not ready, you better get yourself together}
We gon' funk you up, we gon' funk you up
{We gon' have a real good time, forget about the weather}
We gon' funk you up, we gon' funk you up
Love of my life, you are my friend, on who I can depend
Love of my life, without your baby it ain't a simple true love
Hope this shit here ain't clear, hope this shit here ain't clear
Funk you up, we gon funk you up![Intro - Keyshia Cole]
Eyyy-yeaa... (Oh yeah)
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaah...
Heeeey, yeah...

[The Game - Verse One]
The duffle bags and Benjis spreaded through the city
The Lambo's and Bentley's sittin on 20s
Thinkin back, when I had the fall blue and black Pennys'
Listenin to Faith on the Funk Flex tape (Ah-HEH!!)
Like BAM, before Diddy was a mogul
I had the low-lows, JBL speakers bangin Total
I like the lead singer, the dark one
And Biggie had a Benz when I wish I could park one
Shed a couple tears when I heard that he caught one
So everytime I drive down, wish I'll spark one, for you and 'Pac
Wish both of y'all had +One More Chance+
Like I wish 'Ye and Donda had one more dance
CRIBS!

[Jadakiss - Verse Two]
Hah-HEEEEEH!!! Yo, back when it was already to sell ready rock
My top two was Rakim and Freddie Foxxx
We know, they were both deep dudes
The G. Rap came out with "Ill Street Blues"
BDP took me all through school
And Bobby Brown told us, +Don't Be Cruel+
Krush Groove had us thinkin we was all cool
These are the reasons why I'm payin my dues
Shoulda saw how your boy was dressed
Do it from Grand Daddy I.U. and Lord Finesse
Feel some kinda way, get if off your chest
Get embarrassed, "It's My Thing", Erick and Parrish
Learn how to maneuver, listenin to Slick Rick
The Ruler, Dana Dane made me more smoother
...hah-HEEEEH!!!

[Bun B - Verse Three]
R.I.P. Pimp C
Game, let me take 'em down to the South one time
Where the cars and the rims and the mouths on shine
I grew up on the Geto Boys, talkin 'bout they was from Fifth Ward
"Balls and My Word" had me ridin through Fifth Ward
Lookin for the Rap-A-Lot office
Tryna kick a flow and hopin Rap-A-Lot offers me a deal
Had to keep it trill so I can bust
Like E from O.G. Style and Rick from Royal Flush
I came up, in the ghetto manye, the G way
Listenin to Luke and the Ghetto Style DJ's
Poison Clan, Shy-D and the Gucci Crew
Dreamin one day that I could rock some Gucci too
Breakout, like the Convicts, don't even trip
Parked the candy 'cross the pen, bumped the Ganksta Nip
Manye, little did I know that the time was comin
For me and Pimp to shine on 'em like a +Chrome Plated Woman+ - fo' real!

[Hook: Keyshia Cole]
See ever since the day I got the chance to make a change
I've been in this game, it's a new day
And I'm makin it known cause, I just want the world to know
I'm payin my dues, and I got the utmost, I just wanna let you know
I'm payin homage cause, you've paved the way for meeee, ye-yeah

[Pusha T - Verse Four] {overlapping chorus}
{Okay, yanahmsayin? Gotta understand I'm from Virginia}
{Rap money was like a FAIRY tale to me, you know?}
It was all a dream, until Teddy Riley hit the scene
Floatin through Virginia Beach in ALL the machines
EYUGH! - He was posse deep, runnin niggas Jeep
Lambos and the Porches ridin back and back through the streets
I was more of Nas, OG's was more Jigga
Lu' was like, "How you like the army jacket nigga?"
When he wear Versace - young nigga, get like me
He was poppin Cris' in 88 when Eric "Eazy-E"
Wright/right - I was on the wrong mission
Started puple tape {?} in the kitchen, poppa listenin
Whoever thought it'll be this?
Pusha Tongue, Keyshia Cole, Game on the remix - PAIN

[Fat Joe - Verse Five]
JMJ, my homey Mac Dre
Big L, Big Pun, Big-gie (talk to 'em)
2Pac "Live and Die in L.A." (L.A.!)
N.W.A., I used to love Eazy
Back when everybody was doin The Hump
I was Radio Raheem in Reebok Pumps
Used to ask for the mic everytime they fronted
Damn, I feels good to see people up on it!
KRS, the Furious Five (Waddup Kris?)
Cold Crush show me how to dress fly (yep)
Latifah "U-N-I-T-Y"
This is when hip-hop was alive, Cal-ca

[The Game - Verse Six]
Clack, cookin, Joe, good lookin
The remix is big - BROOKLYN
Bed-Stuy, teardrop on my left eye
Star on the other one, L, we got antoher one
+Mama Said Knock You Out+, so I'mma do it
The South gon' love it - chop it {SCREW IT}
Slow it down, then bring it back up
G-G-G U-NO!! Nigga, it's Young Buck!

[Young Buck - Verse Seven]
I'm talkin bout Scarface, OutKast, and 8Ball
UGK all day is what we would play, dawg
I was in the blind like my name Ray Charles
Thangs you go through, Game, is what make stars (aight)
All of my enemies - I don't hate y'all
Cause I understand that it's +ME+ that make y'all (what?!)
Louie bag luggage, my plane 'bout to take off
I'm helpin my people get back what they lost (EYY!!)
Blood of a Black Panther, a born boss
STILL gettin letters from the penitentiary
"Freeway" Rick Ross and even Lil' Jimmy
So if I slip up, I KNOW where they gon' send me (let's go!)
You don't! But all the real folk roll wit me
You won't! So I'mma hold down yo' city
You want me, shawty, now the time to come and get me
I'm Makaveli-trained and we on that ol' +Biggie+ - YA HEAR ME?!

[The Game]
Young Buck, welcome home nigga...
Queen Latifah...

[Queen Latifah]
Whatcha wanna do, baby BOY?
(...take me out)
You don't want it, you don't know how it goes down
(Jadakiss, Bun B, Fat Joe, Pusha T)
Ooooooooooh, yeaaaaah..
Yeaaaaah, last night Latifah saved my life
OH! Oh - Last night Latifah saved my life in the cluuub...
Last night Latifah saved my life - in the club
Yeah, last night Latifah saved my life in the cluuuuuuub...
In the club - you thought she was a thug
You thought she was that, chick
That, you, see, all up at the club
Last night Latifah saved your life
Last night latifah saved your life - in the club
(If it wasn't for you, it wouldn't be me)
It was ON...crackin..
Poppin.. pushin..
But I pulled that and - Oh, snap! Word?
She hold it? Oh! GAME in the club..
(*whispers* REMIX!)What this madness in my mind
Never really knew love before this time
Boy you'll take me where I've never been before
Now I what to explore more and more, just

[Chorus]
Give me your love, give me your love
Give me your love, give me your love
Give me your love, give me your love
Give me your love, give me your love

I'm your woman, you're my man
Doesn't matter if the world can't understand
I know if you stay right here by my side
I'll have no fear; I'll never run and hide just

Captivate my soul, hold me
When I'm down I need your love to console me
Some weakness tells me when the morning comes
It's hard for me to try to see you're not the one
For the love of you I just might just do most anything
It's the sensation the slightest touch can bring
Baby I adore you this is not a fling
With every breath I sing for you to

[Chorus]

When I was a very small child
My mother told me
Hold on to the things that you love
And never let them go
Love is too precious to be wasted
And that is why I want you to know

What's this madness in my mind I really new love before this time
Boy you'll take me where I've never been before
Now I want to explore more and more and more

[Chorus][Intro]

[Hook x2: Harmony]
Heal yourself, you got to heal yourself
Heal yourself, ooohhh

[Kid Capri talks]

[Verse 1: Big Daddy Kane]
Mama said don't do crack and smoke you know
Cause it will make your nose grow like Pinocchio
Since I was only 15 I had to listen
To what was said for my parent was a christian
I went to school and saw all my friends do it
But I said no cause I don't want my nose to grow
They started tripping on me, busting and flipping on me
So I had to front and say yo, true, stick it on me
I started smoking to prove I'm an adult
Now it's a habit but is it all my fault
I wished my mother would have told me the truth
Cause now I'm all based out, ma dukes

[Kid Capri]
Oh man I like the way that's going down
Now why won't you do is kick a little Freddie Foxx

[Verse 2: Freddie Foxxx]
Everybody rise as I present to a jet black crowd
What it's like to be black and proud
In a world where white is right but not tonight
This is a black man's might
I heard a sister say she don't like darker shades of black
On a man cause that's whack
But to my light skin sister can't you tell
You're just the surface of a dark deep well
And how can you prefer to be wit those
That sprayed you wit gun and hoses
And never put roses on the graves
Of the slaves that they treated like dirt
After all that hard work

[Kid Capri]
Clap your hands to the beat, C'mon, just clap your hands to the beat
Freak it now

[Verse 3: LL Cool J]
One of the biggest lies you hear from no one else
Is when a girl tries to say she don't do it to herself
Always fantasizing but steadily denying
Last night she had to stop cause her baby was crying
She do it on the phone all alone wit a smile
Run the water, grab the shower cap and get buckwild
Soap suds on the floor, oh Al B Sure
Give it to me, give it to me, give me a little more
I'm fiending, creaming, screaming, dreaming (what else)
The girl's possessed by the basehead demon

[Hook: Harmony]

[Verse 4: MC Lyte]
In Elementary, Lyte had the Jordache look
Like me and any other kid who cared about books
But then I got wise and I begin to listen
To the whack teachers and the wick-wack system
My mother put me in Weusi Shule
Which means black school in Swahili
And there is where I learned black history
And how to be the best that I can be
I went back and now the school is closed
There is nowhere for black youth to go
To be taught by brothers and sisters who knows what it means
To be a black child or a white teen
In the end the youth is being mistreated
Which means the world is being cheated

[Verse 5: Queen Latifah]
Dane was never taught her life was worth something
But when people don't try to improve it makes me want to hurt something
You want to be somebody and be a standout
But got your handout, oh you're broke, I guess it's off to your man's house
Why is sister's giving up the ball
Today it seems not to father you too hard
They call us squeezers and you prove it to the worst
You have to earn the right to say it's ladies first

[Kid Capri]
Oh man this is Human Education Against Lies
You better know the flavor kid

[Verse 6: KRS-One]
Human Education Against Lies tries
To open the eyes of humanity before it dies
Black and white ain't the real fight
That's the only thing the media hypes
The real fight are these major corporations
Holding back on real education
Before you're a color, first you're human
Teaching humanity is what we're doing

[Kid Capri]
And just when you thought you knew everything there was to know
You didn't know anything about this, tell 'em Melodie

[Verse 7: Ms Melodie]
Daddy's home everyday since he lost his job
His new line of work is now beating up mom
Mom is scared, she doesn't know what to do
Her beautiful skin is now black and blue
She used to cry, now she's back in the pen
A human war between women and men

[Kid Capri]
Melodie, Kid Capri

[Verse 8: Jam Master Jay and DMC]
Jam jay on the way, yo
Human Education Against Lies
To all the girls and to all the guys
Get paid, get it made
Get a good grade, live to a very old age
Checking out jet, no disrespect
To each and every member of the opposite sexes
Is yes, listen to the messages and I send some
We never knew where the poison came from
Yo, we're rapping on H.E.A.L. so we thought we like to mention
Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome
AIDS, we're here to make you get wise
Human Education Against Lies

[Kid Capri talks][Intro]
I'm a rock, hit it
Hit it
I'm a rock, hit it

[Luther]
Well by now you know I'm insatiable
Cuz when you step to leave
I want a full repeat, yeah
It's a miracle
You were right inside my head, yeah baby

If the feeling's nice, why not do it twice?
It is not against the law, no baby
I slave all through the week
And I need my release
I work hard so when I stop
I gotta get a little satisfaction for me

1 - 	Hit it again
	Don't care if I'm late
	The world just has to wait
	(Hit it again, hit it again, baby)

	Hit it again
	I loved it the first time
	You sent chills up through my spine
	(Hit it again, hit it again, baby)

(Deep emotion ain't got nothing to do with it)
And being in love ain't really got a thing to do with it
I hope you understand
But I can't worry if you don't, oh no

If I can't double up, it's like I didn't get enough
Call me greedy if you want, just do it
But it's something that will never change
I don't get no complaints
They know it when they ring my bell
That this could be a thing that could take a little while
Well, well

Repeat 1
Repeat 1

(I declare the point to be)
Once is not enough for me
(Two time lovin' makes me smile)
One time love just ain't my style
(Repeat the love and I have found)
More the second time around
It builds me up and I love to love
And if I can't hit it again
(It ain't natural)

I'm a rock, hit it

[QL]
Yeah, that's right
Uh, all night, let's go, let's go
(I've been sleeping with my boss)
Nine o'clock, you got a call to make
Ten oh five, they need you at the bank
Eleven, Mr. Brown is stopping by
He's got some papers that you need to sign
Eleven Twenty, meet the boss for brunch
At one, take the office girls to lunch
Don't even act like you gon' stand 'em up
Cuz they've been waitin' for your butt for months
You've been avoiding Mr. Jones these days
He wants to talk to you about his raise
I told him you had time about three ten
We don't have time for makin' love again
Remember six fifteen, your business dinner plans
You blow them off and they won't even understand
We layed around and let the whole day pass
You need a car to meet chu, instead of tellin' me to

Repeat 1
Repeat 1[Chorus:]
I can't understand, I can't understand
I can't understand, I can't understand
(It's got me goin' crazy, things are goin' crazy)

[Verse 1: Queen Latifah]
Forgive me father for I have sinned
I just destroyed another phony ass rapper again
She wasn't causin' it
She must be stupid as a fiend [?]
I should have told the child 'You don't step to the Queen!'
Perplexed and I'm vexed cause' everywhere I go
People be flexin' expectin' me to wanna flow
I don't play that, the only way that
I would be playing is if I pay back
And run the playback so whatcha sayin'?
You don't wanna be a sista' in the name of rap
And yet you wanna talk shit and your style is wack
I would have squashed it before and made the whole issue dead
But now I'm phat, so it's off with your head
Now
The moral of the verse is your career is through
And don't be fuckin' with nobody who ain't fuckin' with you
If I was in yo shoes I'd let the BS start walkin'
Next time there might not be no talkin'

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Queen Latifah]
A brotha pushed up on me at the movies one weekend
He was on a quest and I was who he was seekin'
And although I am Black and he was a Puerto Rican
Ain't make no diff to me, so we continued to speak and
We hit it right off and everything was on a roll
Before I knew it, I fell in love with his soul
"Aye papi! Aye!" Was the cry as he made love to me
I was freaked by the way he used to do me
And then one day when I was washin' our clothes
A number fell outta his pocket and her name was Rose
A number? Hmmm. That struck me kinda funny
I lost my grip, I had to call up the honey
"There was a chick on the side!" Oh no it couldn't be!
"There was a chick on the side!" He's down with OPP?
I gave you the whole shabang
Just to find another woman hittin' my thang

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Queen Latifah]
Why the negative vibes? And why do people take bribes?
I don't understand it, yo (I don't know)
Why do bad people live? And why do good people die?
Somebody gotta tell me why  (I don't know)
Why do people smoke crack? And why do White fight Black?
What's that scenario?  (I don't know)
Why do hearts get broken? Why the chumps get choked?
They know I ain't no joke  (I don't know)
Now, with the drums to the bass to the piano to the horn
It's a crazy ass life and that's my word, it's bond
I'm tryin' to be as logical as I possibly can
But for the life of me, you know I just can't understand
What's goin' on sometimes
So situations like this come out in my rhymes
But Queen Latifah ain't gone just yet
Cause' when it comes to masterin' confusion I'm a VET

[Chorus]Oh I don't know
And it makes me scared
Because I'm falling in love
And I don't know if you feel the same

I'm taking this time to write you this letter
Cause what we got is good but want to make it better
Yo boo, I'm digging you, you got all of the equipment
Now I'm ready for a commitment

I'm not trying to rush things
Not looking for an engagement ring
But the queen needs a king
And I choose you, cause what we got is in tune
Since you promised me the moon I hope to see it soon
(see it soon)

I want make this official man, I miss you
I feign for your touch and your kiss too
Listen I hope I'm not being to blunt
Don't wanna scare you away, it's a game I want to play but

Oh I don't know
And it makes me scared
Because I'm falling in love
And I don't know if you feel the same

(hey)
Oh I don't know
(I don't know)
And it makes me scared
(so scared)
Because I'm falling in love
(falling in love)
And I don't know if you feel the same
(falling in love, hey)

I know you love it when I call you big poppa
My thoughts are pure
I heard you left your last cause she was insecure
I'm not tryin' to compare myself but
I got health and wealth
And now you dealing w/ the top shelf
My orgasmic thoughts need support
Thinking of positions you taught
While I stare at the gifts you bought

The things you do for me make you my number one
When you're around I have a lot of fun
Check me now
Like the time we went to six flags
Boostin', tearin' off tags
And sticking souvenirs into our bags
Slipped up, almost got caught then tried again
You're more than a lover you my best friend

Do you remember the first time I let cha get it
I was nervous you were too but wouldn't admit it
You were the best I had that's why I want all of you
Now tell them hookers to stop calling you
I'm dead up I want to wear your name
So I pray and ask god to make you feel the same

(hey)
Oh I don't know
(don't know)
And it makes me scared
(It makes me so scared)
Because I'm falling in love
(I'm falling in love again again)
And I don't know if you feel the same
(baby baby baby baby)

(hey)
Oh I don't know
(I don't know)
And it makes me scared
(makes me scared)
Because I'm falling in love
(falling in love again)
And I don't know if you feel the same
(baby baby, oh oh oh yeah)

Is there a place to ease my mind
(place to ease my mind)
(think about you all the time, yeah)
Show me a sign and wish that you would offer me a sign
Relax my mind

Let me close by saying stop delaying our fate
Let go your fear I'm here come hold your soul make
I want more but I don't want push
It's never to late so be straight
Don't beat around the bush

I'm all woman if you don't feel like I feel that's fine
Let's stay friends but I want you to be mine now check it
But I'll take what I can take it can't get no plainer
With love sincerely yours your boo dana

Oh p.s. guess who's back around
My ex he called me said he bought a house up town
But I told him that my love for you was too strong
Write back and don't make me wait to long

Oh I don't know
Oh I don't know
(I don't know)
And it makes me scared
(makes me so scared)
Because I'm falling in love
(falling in love)
And I don't know if you feel the same
(I want to know, wanna know)

(Just me and my queen
Do you know what I mean
Hey hey hey
Falling in love
Tell me if it's good enough for you)Uh huh, well the name is Latifah, you hear me coming through
The spreaker. Hit it Mark, 45 king

I am a bill, yes I'm only a bill when
It's time to ill I get ill and time to chill
I chill, my homeboy said this was the D.A.I.S.Y. age
I take it as meaning you have to get crazy paid
You hope I'm from your borough, because I'm thorough
You want me to be down with you, to be seen walking around with you
Go to the store and buy a brew and rock a rhyme or two
So you can bite it, you taste it, you like it
You think I'm sleeping on you? Please, don't even try it
The name is Latifah, the scene, it is mine
The 45 King keeps the beat and the time while I
Rock to the rhythm and keep it blowing out
So don't try to turn me inside out

Latifah is the name you love
Flying through rhymes like a dove
Slapping suckers with a glove
Challenge me and you will burn
Yes in the fire you will burn

It's so so simply done
When I find that I have to run
Lyrics to music by the King of Swing, The 45 King
The words we bring I write, and sing
Cause I am Latifah, the Queen of course
Don't try to get yours off, because the cause is lost
Mark conducts the beat, I watch it hit them
Won't you chill? I don't need another victim
To add to the list of aggrivation
Subtracting suckers like a math computation
We are not teaching pupils and subjects with no scruples
This is a King and Queen creation
So hello hello hello and how ya doing?
Forget the smalltalk now, it's time for me to ruin
Those who don't believe in what I'm saying
When I put up the wall of words ain't no way into my Queendom
Controlled by me, the heir to the throne is the Ruler Lord Ramsey
The Ruler Lord, to him there is no equal
He grabs it and starts bombing people
Don't listen to me to figure me out
Because you can't turn my mind inside out

Latifah is the name you love
Flying through rhymes like a dove
Slapping suckers with a glove
Challenge me and you will burn
Yes in the fire you will burn

Rhyming's not a question of one superiority
But rather how you delegate the use of your authority
I know who you are, and I know who you are to me
But I came here just to party
If it's a show you want, the show it live
And if it's trouble you seek, I have arrived
When Mark requests my approval, I nod
And after each and every single rhyme I thank God
Altough a taste of my body would soothe you
I give you just my voice and watch the rhythm move you
The method of my lyrics makes the funky people feel it
And Lord have mercy on those that try to steal it
Latifah is a name meaning "delicate and sensitive"
But I have no problem formulating sentences
To break you down to the ground
I won't use violence, the color of this is brown
And I am down, but never ever down and out
So don't try to turn me inside out

Latifah is the name you love
Flying through rhymes like a dove
Slapping suckers with a glove
Challenge me and you will burn
Yes in the fire you will burn

Jah know? Cause ah...

Music, 45 King, music Latifah the Queen
Music, domination to bring the world
Irie, say in the fire you will burn (Repeats to fade)[Verse: Brandy]
Oh yeah ooh yeah
I would like to get to know if I could be
The kind of girl that you could be down for
Cause when I look at you I feel something tell me
That you're the kind of guy that I should make a move on

[Verse: Mc Lyte]
Yeah I get exotic with the melodic tune
I get hypnotic with the moon
But you got to put me down soon
I flip a sideshow if you come my way
Up, down, and around, even sideways
I'm about as ready as the Lyte can get
We can go all out
I ain't afraid of the sweat, but yet
I bet you got the techniques
To freak a girl inside out
What's that all about? (oooh yeah)
Can I have some of that?
You gotta put me on
Word around town is you're nine men strong
I wanna be put on in the worst way
Since the first day
I think it was a Thursday (oh baby)
You be that brother that I wanna sink my teeth in
Make me wanna ask “Where da hell you been?”
I like the way you be with all that personality
But I got flava too
You needs to get with me

[Hook: Brandy]
I wanna be down
With what you're going through
I wanna be down
I wanna be down with you
No matter the time
Of day or night it's true
I wanna be down

[Verse: Yo-Yo]
He was born twenty years ago
Just a pimp toes
Everyday new clothes
Look at the cut? Cool. Pose
On three, got tha heat, so bluff it
Sling' (censored) cause it's more than twenty duckets
Struck it, kinda rich
Now his pockets lookin' straight
Slam the deese on the Benzo
Pancake by the gate
Moms lookin' straight with her house she got
Great loungin' in her new home that's up out the state
I'll be your call mail, won't tell
You can get it when you want it
Even though you got chicks all up on you it
Don't matter, cause brother you're fly
I can't lie
I've been mackin' daddy from the corner of my eye
Now, baby bring it on
Don't be frontin' on your baby boo
All I wanna is what's up with you
How can I get with you
Seems like you got a hold on me
It must voodoo cause baby I want you

[Repeat Hook]

[Verse: Queen Latifah]
About yay short, about yay tall
About so big, about so small
About this length, about this width
About this flow, about this gift
Instinct leading me right up your alley way
Skip tha Moet, let's chill with some Alize
Nuff stress in our day
Let me massage your mind as my mental starts to play
A ghetto star's who you are
And I'll be your sexual chocolate bar
And I got to keep it strong for the cause
And you got to keep me strong for the tours
Brotherman and me, damn the family
What else could we be if no one understand us but we?
You were the first to tame me
Uh, Big Tif
I'm out

[Repeat Hook]

[Outro: Queen Latifah]
Hey here we go here we go here go now and it's on yeah
And you don't stop Brandy is in tha house and you don't stop
Until the body rock keep it on and you don't stop rock on[Spoken Intro:]
What are you doin'?!
Sid, you burnin' shit!

[Chorus:]
It's just a flow, it's just a flow
It's just a flow, it's just a flow
It's just a flow, it's just a flow
It's just a flow, it's just a flow

I give a shout out
To every earthling on the planet
Especially Jersey
And New York
Chilled in Irvington
Born in Newark
Thanks for support
It's just a flow
I'd like to say hello (hello)
Even though I know
You don't know me
It's just a stack [?]
Kick from the pack [?]
Gimme a smile
C'mon, you can show me
Take an inspiration from the S.I.D
Thanks for the beat
It's kinda fly
And oh yeah, Sa'Buddah told me tell ya hi
She thinks you're sweet
I'm looking for the vibe y'all
Then I must be looking for my tribe y'all
I'm rolling with the F-L-A-V-O-R and Unit
Somebody in the house, gimme five, y'all
And get live, y'all
And just clap your hands to the beat
Cause I gotta go find out
Where we got the loot, cause I gotta know
I put special concentration on the flow
I love to see you and me say, “ho!”

[Chorus]

[Ad libs:]
Sexy baby doll…
I get loose, y'all, I get loose, y'all
I get loose, l-loose, l-loose, loose, y'all
I get loose, y'all
You don't know nothing
Gotta get loose, y'all
Bring it on
It's like this