[Hook: DeJ Loaf] (x2)
Let a nigga try me, try me
I'mma get his whole mothafuckin' family
And I ain't playin' with nobody
Fuck around and I'mma catch a body

[Verse 1: DeJ Loaf]
Tommys, macks and choppers bring that bitch up out him
Shoes cost a fortune, so watch where you walking
While she be gettin' fly, bitch I do this often
We be cuttin' up in traffic but we often dolphins
Leave a nigga swimmin', have yo' funeral in that ocean
They say "DeJ got the juice", yeah I got that potion, whoa
And I keep that nine on me so play crazy, it's fine with me
Choppers scream, you go down on me, oh
I'll get her on my song, I was just like "free Remy"
All these bitches throwin' shots, come get you some free Henny, eh
Whoa, where she find that? She ain't signed yet
She ain't competing with these hoes, it ain't no contest

[Verse 2: Ty Dolla $ign]
Let that nigga try me, try me
Homies on him like a paparazzi
Skirt off in that Maserati
Fuck yo' bitch and make her call me papi
Uh, she give me toppy, super sloppy
Fuck around and do the whole posse
I'm smoking OG and sippin' Rossi
Penthouse suite, somethin' real bossy
Lil Feezy got the fo' feezy
And we goin' hard cause it ain't easy
In the club yellin' "Fuck you!"
And hell nah, it ain't never bull
Twenty bottles, twenty bottles
We pour it up, aye, shout out Rihanna
Them niggas lookin', ain't know where to find us
At the top, bitch, like the topic

[Interlude: Remy Ma]
What? What happened? Oh, oh
That's what I thought, that's what I thought
*laughs*

[Hook 2: Remy Ma] (x2)
Let a nigga try me, try me
I'm a get his whole mothafuckin' family
And I ain't playin' with nobody
Fuck around and I'mma catch a homi

[Verse 3: Remy Ma]
Don't keep it in a stash, I keep it on me
Hit his wifey and hit his shorty
I ain't the one to war wit', who want it?
I'll leave ya fam in the wake, mournin'
I send you to the doctor with the reviver
Hit the passenger then hit the driver
I move like a mobster, you chicks is funny
I could make you do a summy, shit get ugly
I hate bum bitches window shoppin'
Make a lot of money, you should see my pockets
I wear heavy jewels, check, we all brocky
Come to ya piece, hit you in ya lobby
I lay a nigga down if he try to rob me
I put that on Pun, that's word to papi
I stay on go mode, they can't stop me
I'm the original, these broads copies
Flow used to be tight, now you all sloppy
That's why they all like "Remy Ma, when you droppin'?"
If one of these chicks ever try to try me
I'mma hit a ho mothafuckin' body

[Hook] (x2)[Verse 1: Remy Ma]
(Ms Rose. Ms Remy)
Cash rules everything around me, CREAM
I got old money, I'm gettin' new money
I just walked out, I'm runnin' through money
You see, he be giving me all this green money
I guess I did a good job when I blew money
I don't discriminate, I don't care who money
Never did subliminals, I'm talkin' bout you money
You think you hot cause he spent thousand of bills on it
I got that box, make him wait 6 years on it
Yeah it's that good, the girl so cold
I'm Queen Elsa baby, everything all froze
He call it ice cream, he gon' need a whole bowl
You eat all your hot fudge, I might lick your snow cone

[Bridge: Audrey Rose]
I made you believe it, you're so in your feelings
You claim that you need it, I'ma make you wait for it
If I give it to you, you better deliver
Just stick to the scripture, are you ready boy?

[Hook: Audrey Rose]
I've got that ice cream that you crave for
Are you really ready for what I've got
I've got that ice cream that you want boy
Oh baby I put you on
So come and get a taste of this, come and get a taste of this
Come and get a taste of this, ice cream, ice cream

[Verse 2: Audrey Rose]
It feels so much better, your lips make it wetter
Taste all of his pleasure, ohh
Just what you've been craving, it feels so amazing
Intoxicating, are you ready boy?
Just give you a taste, wanna leave you things out
So you'll always stay hungry, baby waiting for me
Not gonna just give it up, but I'll let you lick it up
If you be a good boy for me
If you want it real bad, then you'll have to prove it
I don't give it to anybody
Make my body go numb, all over your taste buds
You can have it now

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Fetty Wap]
You know I like ice cream, so tell me what your flavor is
Better yet, can I find out by myself?
Me and you, don't invite nobody else
We scream for ice cream and damn she melts baby
And I love the way you drip baby
And my hands around your hips baby
For the ice cream I'll drop them bandz
All hundreds to watch you dance
I watch you like a movie
You heard about the boy, they call me Zoovie
On everything, she got me actin' foolish
Eating her ice cream, goin' stupid
Yeah baby

[Hook][Verse 1]
See this ain't nothin that you used to
Out of the ordinary and unusual
You gotta have the mind state like I'm so great
And can't nobody do it like you do
Miraculous, phenomenal
And ain't nobody in here stoppin' you
Show no love, cause you's wassup
Look in the mirror, like what the fuck
Damn, I look good
And can't nobody freak it like I could
Yeah, okay, I got a little fat but
My shorty tell me he like it like that
I'm happy, another me there never can be
See, I'm so outstanding
Don't care if they can't stand me
I'm sittin on top of the world like Brandy

[Hook 1]
See I look too good for this necklace
And I look too good to be wearin' this
You know I look way too good to be innocent
I'm conceited, I got a reason
See I look too good to be drivin' that
And I look too good to be buyin' that
You know I look way too good to be tryin' that
I'm conceited, I got a reason

[Verse 2]
Now who's that peekin' in my window
Nobody cause I live in a penthouse
Baby I'm sorry, but I'm sexy
And all I want you to do is just bless me, let's see
This kid that I'm waitin' on
He said he love when my jeans look painted on
With this tight white tee, you ain't quite like me
Probably why I'm always gettin' hitted on
Now shorty tryin' to push up on me like a wonder bra
Listen when I speak, I wouldn't want you to take it wrong
Now, number one, I don't need you
Your name's Q, I only see "u" when I see you
Listen, two, you could never play me (why's that)
Cuz I'm such a fuckin' lady
Three, it's all about me
I don't wanna talk about it
If you'd like to hear it, here it go
I wrote a song about it

[Hook 2]
See I look too good to be fuckin' you
And I look too good to be lovin' you
You know I look way too good to be stuck with you
I'm conceited, I got a reason
See I look too good to be gettin whipped
And I look too good to be havin' kids
You know I look way too good to be in a crib
I'm conceited, I got a reason

[Verse 3]
Oh, I know what I'm doin'
I can't stop my body from movin'
I'm boppin' and poppin' to the music
He keeps watchin' me and he's about to lose it
I'm droppin' it hotter then the ?????
"Face Down, Ass Up," on some Luke shit
I'm outta control wit it, dip it low, pick it up slow
Poke it out, now roll wit it
My thong showin', but it's cool, my shoes go wit' it
Now all I need is a room wit a pole in it
See I look good and I'm knowin' it
And I was never too proud to be showin' it

[Hook 1]

[Hook 2][Intro: Remy Ma]
See, this was a request
I just came home, I'm trying to get this shmoney
Attempted shmurder was the case that they gave me
But this is literally shmurder she wrote
Ah-ah-ah!

[Verse 1: Remy Ma]
See Remy, I'm a hot bitch
In my Fab voice: "You a THOT bitch!"
Lloyd Banks, Jackpot bitch!
And I told y'all I was coming for my spot bitch (Where my crown at?)
See I'm trying to keep it hip hop bitch (Uh-huh)
Remy Makaveli I could turn to Pac bitch (Thug Life!)
I took it right back to the top bitch
And if you disagree, then you could eat a cock bitch!
I see y'all running 'round with ya ass out
No make-up on, I could pull a Mac out
I swear to God, all I do is spaz out (Yeah)
I'm a 80's baby, grew up in the crack house!
I been smacking bitches since the fifth grade
Old ladies, I don't care about a bitch age
My hood taught me how to Boogie Down and Bang Bang
Hit these bird-brained bitches 'til their brains hang
Shorty like the way a bitch boss out
So he said he wanna dig my walls out
Left him looking stupid with his balls out
Cause I took his money and I walked out!
Free Bremo[?] though, let all of my dawgs out
I don't mess with fake bitches, kick them whores out (Her!)
That's what got a bitch locked up in the dog pound (Yeah)
Free Niqua too, let all of my broads out
We gon' wear our heavy jewels with the rocks on 'em
Ice dripping on these hoes, put a mop on 'em!
I see they all mad, I got it locked on 'em
See they don't respect anything 'til you popped on 'em
Swiss cheese through your leotard
Sending bitches to the E-R
The BX know I goes so hard
So I'ma do this one for the fucking Bronx!
And bitch if it's a problem, we gon' snuff y'all (Bum bitch!)
Smack the shit outta your baby moms (Done!)
Said I got your baby pictures - I done raised y'all (Yeah!)
Snatch your earrings out, pull the braids off
Tell them niggas free Meek yo!
Okaaay, free Max B. yo!
They shoulda never let me go! (Nah)
I just came home about a week ago!
Fuck with me and get a pitaroll
Sending all these bitches straight to Jesus yo!
Everybody know how Remy roll (Yeah!)
Bitches got me on my bully yo!
I'm about to go Pun on 'em
They can't fuck with me, I'm a nun on 'em
Got me on that Murder One shit
I'm a flea, you a bum bitch!
(Right, I said it. Right, exactly. Ok yeah, ok yeah, ok yeah, Rem!)[Intro]
You catch my girl legs open, betta smash that
Don't be surprised if she asked where the cash at

[Hook x2]
Where the where the cash at, where the cash at
Where the where the cash at, where the cash at
Where the where the cash at, where the cash at
Don't be surprised if she asked where the cash at

[Verse 1: Currency]
Bitches come a dime a dozen
I fuck them sisters cousins
It's a revolvin' door, pussy goin', pussy comin'
And when they go to you it's come back to me with money
I tell her put them shoes on and keep my paper runnin'
I put my mack down, just like a g supposed to
And if she don't come home wit it then she sleepin' ova
I got em creepin' over we doin' dinner soda
I like the Ameries you can have them Omarosas
Them niggas down below us, baby we up and over
I'm tryin' to get inside that thing that sit between ya shoulders
I'm talkin' large totals, I'm talkin' large motives
I'm talkin' burnin' rubber, that melted parelli odor
I'm hoppin' out a Lotus, you lookin' at my bitch?
You wanna holla, you can holla take her on a trip
But when the deed done, you gotta send her back

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I got a bitch in the back, got a ho in the front
Got purp in the dutch, got purp in the cup
I tell her, "Get your money ho or just stop breathin'"
Cause if it ain't about that dough it ain't about me neither
See a gangsta like myself I get that paper and pussy
Then at once I make that pussy bring that paper straight to me
Bitch, you lookin' at a real pimp ask my old hoes
And they'll tell ya no remote, I control hoes
I'm a hold on give ya that game mama
If he ain't payin' then he shouldn't be playin', I'm sayin'
Broke niggas only make jokes nigga
I make more then I can fit in this quote nigga
Unquote come sun-soak with me bitch
Fly you down here and put you on some south beach shit
And if you smile at my bitch, I'll make her smile back

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Remy Ma]
See that other chick asked that, she said, "Where the cash at?"
Rem said, "Where the paper, plastic, product, and where the stash at?
Where the keys to the whip and crib and where the address at?"
That bitch that be hidin shit in her ass crack
Niggas don't fuckin' call me baby like I'm related to Weezy
Some of 'em call me swag, none of them call me easy
I got done fuckin' a man now this bird is callin' me screamin'
Chicken wait, bitches I be fryin' they just call me greasy
See I know he gotta main but I'm cool bein' the other one
Cause he can't get tight, when he hear I pimped anotha one
I dont fall in love with them
Cum and then I'm done with them
Most they get from me, is wet pussy and some bubble gum
But, this one dude had me laughin'
If it's just one thing I can't stand it's a baggy magnum
Would've thought somebody threw me a camera
The way I caught a flashback

[Hook][Verse 1: Jarren Benton]
I'm so freakin' unorthodox
I make bacon out of pigs
Throw Molotovs at squad cars and torture cops
Hardcore, tear at a bunch of hoes and they mothers' skirts
I'm the stirrer, sip syrup with Mrs Butterworth
**Burr** My guns stutter first before I murk a jerk
A hopeless romantic, I punch him off for a Birkin purse
I was cursed at birth, came out and hurt the nurse
I'm so freakin' high I'm saying goodbye to Earth
I used to be considered a failure
I'd beat up a Kangaroo to nail Iggy Azalea
Brass knuckle Benton, these rappers they [fucking] kitten
I'm Ozzy Ozbourne, I'll bite the head off a pigeon
I'm a AT-alien, bizarre rapper that's shavin' a
Scalp off your cranium, baby say hey to Damien
Tomahawk choppin' the bodies right by the stadium
Exercise violence I kill 'em at a gymnasium
No flex zone, the most slept on
East side grew up off of greens and egg bone
I'm God with a murderous ink pen
[Fuck] everybody, now Jamal Pryor dead
Bitch I don't need friends

[Verse 2: Corey Charron]
Bring in another friend and it won't be a solo fight
Two will be in dirt like motorbikes
Listen pin heads Charron was right
Too gutter with nothin' to spare, you'd swear that I'm bowling strikes
Punches hitting so hard you have to ice this
On cam, I'm cutthroat like ISIS
Fight this, steppin' around, in need of a crown
This ain't Krusty Burger, I'm not beefin' with clowns
Out in Canada I'm the dude to battle first
Front with me, you'll ruin your career, this like the Madden curse
This ain't ready for the shot and all the cash
I sign my name and bury ya soon as a body cast
Leave the folk to idolize with idol eyes
So deaf, don't make sense that I'm on time
Won't stop 'til they put me on a Billboard
If the good die young I would have been a stillborn
Charron, Canada

[Verse 3: Remy Ma & Papoose]
Remy the Ruler's back, yeah, Sheezus Christ
And I'm the God MC, so she's Jesus wife
A cypher with us, they must wanna leave this life
Cause never in your lifetime would you be this nice
Bae they stole my style, I came to smack the thief
When I walk the ground split, I could crack the street
"I woke up like this", that's a bragging speech
Chicks been claiming that since Beyoncé last release
They whole swag is weak
Right, and if she woke up like that, she need to go back to sleep
Yo, we gon' show y'all the meaning of black love
You having a bad day, I fill up the bath tub
She put on a oven mit, we cooking up mad grub
Got beef with a nigga, put on a black glove
Who run the world? Girls
Rem you bugging
Besides every great man bae is a good woman
Anybody think differently, gotta be a hater
Name one good man
Will Smith, Jada, Melo, Lala
Mandela, Winnie, Swizz, Alicia
2Pac, Afeni, T.I., Tiny
Barack, Michelle
What about Dwayne Wade, he got Gabrielle
Nick, Mariah, Wiz, Amber
Martin, Coretta, Biggie, Voletta
Jay-Z, Beyonce, Kanye, Kim K
Papoose, Remy, That's black love everyday
See Rem's really rapping, these broads just yapping
I smack a chick quick like, "what happened?"
I ain't never see the broads in the trap and
If you think I'm throwing a subliminal then catch it
Yo, we ridin' in that Rolls Royce
Just because you in that Cypher don't get gassed, Funk Flex voice
Catch you in your car, I'ma blow out your tires
You engaged to your girl, I engage in fire[Intro: Remy Ma]
You ain’t got love for me, my nigga?
You ain’t got love for me, my nigga?
(We the best music)
I'm back, yeah
(Remix)
Ever since your chick hit the top
Know your bitch is mad, Remy out the box
(They don’t love you no more)
You don’t love me no more?
She the best
(DJ Khaled)

[Verse 1: Remy Ma]
When y’all was on the TV I was with the PV’s
I listened to your CD, damn, you really wanna be me
Don't care if your name buzzin’, you know who the queen be
Dello Russo did you lasik, bitches still can’t see me
These rap chicks try to stay away from me
Maybe ‘cause I caught that case, they afraid of me
Rem got that flow, spit it crazily
And it’s a fact I’m everything they portray to be
Nevermind  how long been down, y’all know how I give it up
Fuckin’ a player in Milwaukee, y'all know I keep it a buck
Probably should have been a nun, y’all know I don’t give a fuck
My lips ain't big for nothing , on the right night might could get it sucked
Give it to her in the tummy, y’all know that I keep it tucked
Claim she fly and got a bill, to me that sound like she a duck
I’mma take these bitches job and get them worked like Loaded Lux
On my Cali swag, black Raiders cap and a pair of Chucks
Bad bitches rolling with me and a couple model mutts
Used to have some flab on ‘em, but they put it in they butts
Yeah they call me Scarface, a bitch still cute as fuck
Some call me dollface, some niggas wanna kiss my crotch

[Hook: French Montana (Remy Ma)]
Ever since a nigga hit the top (yeah)
Pussy niggas wanna see me in a box
They don't love you no more (y’all don’t love me no more?)
They don't love you no more, yeah
Troops gotta cock (uh huh) coupe's gotta drop (yeah)
Shit starting to change so you starting to change, ah
They don't love you no more (they don’t love me no more?)
They don't love you no more (they don’t love me no more?
Should be your favorite, now you're just hatin'
Shit starting to change, you want me to change, nah
They don't love you no more (they don't love me no more?)
They don't love you no more, nah (they don’t love me no more?)

[Verse 2: Remy Ma]
Okay, I’ve been gone for over half a decade
Don’t tell me all y’all done fell for these hoes facade
I mean façade, they garbage, discard them
These hoes is pussy, I discharge ‘em
They don’t even get my dick hardened
I heat a bitch up, Miami, Chris Bosh ‘em
Microwave ‘em, see all my fans waving
The flow water juice drippin’, the girl so wavy
They say the girl crazy, really can’t blame ‘em
They blow dick, I blow torch, just flame ‘em
Hoes so lame and ain’t no taming Rem
I flip quick, no gymnasium
You don’t got no balls, just a big cranium
Shoot me down, I won’t fall, iron titanium
I’m telling chicks ain’t no touching me
I’m celibate, nobody can't fuck with me
Some say she nice, but Reminisce nicer
I can feel the tension, please don't hype her
Tell her stay in her lane before I side swipe her
Droppin’ that bird shit ,I'd hate to windshield wiper
Been violating before I land on Rikers
Ain’t shit change like a baby dirty diaper
I don’t love these hoes, never even liked her
Remy Makavelli, send shots through bellies
Come through in a pair of Breds and a peanut butter Pelle
These fucking fruits is sweeter than grape jelly
Softer than R&B, ma’, you aren’t me
You pop like coochie, I really R-A-P

[Outro]
You ain’t got love for me my nigga?
You ain’t got love for me nigga?
Yo, Khaled
(I change your life)[Intro: Jackie-O]
Yo Kay Slay!!! We 'bout to show them what the bad girls all about

[DJ Kay Slay]
Yeah that's what I'm talkin about!!! I know it's a few of y'all left!!!!
Matter of fact!!!! I got the best with me right now!!!!
I got Jackie-O!!!! Remy Ma!!!! (YEAH) Hedonis (YEAH)
Ayanna Irish, set this shit off!!!! Let's go!!!!!

[Hook: Ayanna Irish]
I know you like my style, and I see you checkin us out
Is it the way we walk, the way we talk, the thing we doin
I'm a bad giiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm a bad giiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Till the day I die

[Verse One: Jackie-O]
I shit on niggas I play with they mental
I, spit on bitches I key they rentals
I, walk on water I talk in scirptures
If she ain't the chick in the mirror she can't out spit me
See dudes see this ass and they think I'm 'gon fornicate
Christmas tree niggas leave 'em hangin like they ornaments
I have 'em order rims, import 'em in
No loiterin, straight origin
Miss flirtatious part mercedes
I'm, Jackie-O the fuckin baby
Uh, he got bling cause he push caucasian
I don't wanna fuck yo' man I wanna fuck his face in
You only starin cause you never seen a real mag
Take a picture bitch so you make the thrill last
Greatest show on earth you found it
Like Barnum but I'm a leave y'all to the clown shit

[Hook: Ayanna Irish]
I know you like my style, and I see you checkin us out
Is it the way we walk, the way we talk, the thing we doin
I'm a bad giiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm a bad giiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Till the day I die

[Verse Two: Remy Ma]
I'm the soul controller
G.I. Joe, ho I control the soldiers
Float like Noah, and I toat for stolers
Leave the nappyhead ho with a comb and a coma
Go console her, yo leave this ho supposed to be
Stylin like me with them posters posted
Know you showed her, I just hold composure
Suck my teeth and sound like an open soda
.....Body like a Coca-Cola
But I quench a nigga thirst like cold Corona
Rode your toaster, I got the coldest shoulder
But I keep my heat warm with my shoulder holder
Coast to coaster, I pays no payolla
And I never do a show, for a broke promoter
Walk in the Queen's kingdom and overthrow her
I'm a first class bitch I ain't got time to coach her

[Hook: Ayanna Irish]
I know you like my style, and I see you checkin us out
Is it the way we walk, the way we talk, the thing we doin
I'm a bad giiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm a bad giiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Till the day I die

[Verse Three: Hedonis Da Amazon]
The Philly swagger they diggin ya Philly auror
To the O.G.'s I'm Oprah, to the young girls I'm Dorah
I walks, with a glide my talk be 'bout money
Broke niggas always askin why I sound so funny
Huh, communication's key, he never moved a key
He never drove the V, who he talkin to me?
Usin a pick up line by Jay-Z
I'm far from a dummy chick he loadin up his dummy clips
I'm like next, bein broke ain't a protocol
My ears be chandeliers, my chain like a waterfall
My ass like a backyard, heh heh!!!
You never seen a crib steppin out of a car
Let that lightnin bug out of that jar, try to bottle the light
Let it roll like a kite, wind blows catch flies
I'm catchin flights from The U.K. back to U.S.A
My number rings say F-U-C-K

[Hook: Ayanna Irish]
I know you like my style, and I see you checkin us out
Is it the way we walk, the way we talk, the thing we doin
I'm a bad giiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm a bad giiiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrrllllllllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Till the day I dieOye rrraaa
Yo vamo' hacerlo
Boricua
Vamo' hacerlo

I'm a one bitch army, y'all could hardly call me
So imagine when I team up with the Puerto rican Barbie
It's gon' be armed see, I'm so from the Bronx being
All I really wanna see is blood on the concrete
Bodies in bags and flowers on caskets
Corpses swarmin' wit flies and maggots
Innocent girls and boys turn into bastards
I want bitches to die deaths that are tragic
And niggas fucked in they ass, turned into faggots
They balls cut off and mailed to they parents
See I don't give a fuck I'm a muthafuckin' savage
Now ya'll tell me what bitch is the baddest
Miss Remy con la queen you need fire tu sabes
Fuego esta aqui
Vete pal carajo nigga far from me
No es dificil pa' ver it ain't hard to see
A four clip in the extra yo soy la mierda
Tate quieta, this bitch got a bad temper
Respeta puta no pueda joder con nosotras
Un mierda!

[Hook:]
[Remy Ma]
CMPR niggas meant to, the Bronx is where they went to
I'mma show ya'll mafuckaz how to rhyme bilingual

[Ivy Queen]
Que llego la diva la caballota
Si preguntas en la calle soy la que te explota

[Remy Ma]
CMPR niggas meant to, the Bronx is where they went to
I'mma show ya'll mafuckaz how to rhyme bilingual

[Ivy Queen]
Tu no querías mas aqui que me tienes
Dale dale ahora ahora nene

The girl is not to be fucked with
See I don't give a fuck
There's not a pussy on this planet that can't be fucked
Bitches don't exist to me, they all cum faced sluts
How much room in your mouth for my name with all that dick you suck
And your husband's a homo, he loves to get stuck
Like dildos and vibrators shoved in his butt
We ran trizz on his lips and made him dress up
And I got it on tape, we straight fuckin' raped him
Don't get it confused see I hate male groupies
Pero he's willin' then I'm ready to take the opportunity
My bitches is the illest so really we don't gotta care
Vete pa la mierda, nigga get the fuck out of here
Yo no juego, nigga I don't play
What I'm capable of, I don't know, yo no se
Remy Ma, I keeps the gun cocked in the auto
Miss Ivy Queen please canta la coro

[Hook]

[Ivy Queen]
Ms. Remy con la Queen
Ahora nos vamo' a fuego
Este es mi estreno duro como un trueno
Cocoroca
La isla del encato
Volando en canto
Y sacarle con su llanto
A sangre fria
Mis quilas tienen crias
Jodedora por si tu no lo sabias
QUEEN llega
A escena
Dan pena
Con las locas que van nebuleando
Yo soy de la calle si me estas buscando
Ando con par de locos pa verte brincando
So no te ajores, no te desesperes mere
Yo tengo el control con las mujeres
Muchas me odian otras me quieren
Vendo mis discos
Y tengo mis bienes
Rrraaa
Remy get ready
Everybody

[Hook][Intro: Remy Ma]
Here it comes yeah (That bitch)
Here it comes yeah
Here it comes yeah (Rem)
Here it comes yeah (That nigga)
Here it comes yeah (Pap)
Here it comes yeah (Okay)
Here it comes yeah (You asked for it)

[Verse 1: Remy Ma]
See I be on some other shit
Like fuck your dead mother shit
Disrespect ya whole character
Call you by your government
I don't know what these bitches think you ugly and ya pussy stink
Ya whole flow is borrowed
Stole everything but the kitchen sink
See you just mad bitch
And you suck mad dick
My shit is fire I does my own atlas
With no practice
I spit backwards backwards Spits
I practice no atlas
And niggas should call you frying pan
Your face is like a frying pan
And niggas throw there meat in you
You burn 'em like a frying pan
I ain't lying man
See I don't really want it
I got these bitches scared to death
They know the album comin'

[Interlude: Remy Ma]
Yeap see slate?
This is why I told you
I can not do mixtapes
I just be talkin' fuckin' reckless
It's crazy! (Hahaha...)

[Verse 2: Remy Ma]
And I ain't gotta force it
My shit come natural
You don't want me on every mixtape
As if I was Papoose
Exposin' all your skeleton
Straight gettin' atchu
Tellin' everybody I'mma fuck you up
When I catch you
No what I'm talkin' 'bout
I'm what a thug about
Tella nigga I'm frontin' so the squad can slaught him out
My brand new whipps and gut 'em out
Then come back with some different shit
Lookin' like it's it but just pimp my shit
I'm that bitch and ain't no chick seein' me
Y'all bitches need to step ya rap game up immediately
I'm talkin' like fuckin' last year like last decade (Hahahahaha)

[Interlude: Papoose & Remy Ma]
Yeah, graduated from mixtapes now
(Somethin' about Remy nigga)
Got the mixtape award and all that, yo
(Album comin')
Check me out!

[Verse 3: Papoose]
I ain't recognize Remy when I seen her in the night club
We got the industry addicted, we like drugs
I done pop Chris Stall Dawn Pareone
Not a drunk Alazate The Dawns very calm
The wild out the drunk Henny Rum
That's why I say
East Coast pop a bottle with chall
Alotta chicks be burnin' like drinkin' some Vodka
Tried to tell me she a virgin like Piña colada
Casket creamed it up beam away Shawn Dawnin
But none of dat could fuck with a bottle of Remy Martin
Now I done smoke purple haze
Smoke chocolats I smoke hydro
All types of la la la smoke straights all blazed up
Puff passed do but none of dat can fuck with
A pound of Papoose
Niggas wanna clap me up leave me holy
I marijuana in the flesh
Alotta niggas wanna smoke me
I done moved good dope
Move straight coke
Shit so pure look like it came off the boat
I done moved hard crack it's alotta DJ's
But none of y'all could fuck with a kilo of Kay Slay
My work would drop bomb he rap from the cops
He drop my whole bomb talkin' every single rock
I told him no everything 'bout it
Cause my single was hot
Flex droppin' more bombs then the worker on the block
Rapology supreme philosophies the thing
You could call me Mr. Not so Remeadream
Remy look good in person
Just like she do in the magazines
So I'mma stay close to Ms. Martin like Dr. King
Never used to like drop tops
But he think he flossin'
So I'm 'bout to have more dropps then weak fossetts
He don't wanna lean back
Slay hand me the tourists
Hit him in the back of his head
And make him lean forward

[Echo:]
Papoose Papoose Papoose Papoose...[Intro: Remy Ma]
That's how we be on the trailor?!

"Bucket na-bucket na-bucket-bucket naked!!!"

[Papoose]
(THIS IS THE REMIX!!!) She got a bedroom body GO SHORTY!!!
She got a bedroom body GO GIRL!!!
She got a bedroom body GO SHORTY!!!
She got a bedroom body

[Hook: Papoose]
I told her I'm a call her (Bucket) got her on the camcorder
I can't believe I saw her (Bucket naked!!! UH!)
As soon as I meet her (Bucket) like a Queen I'm a treat her
Cause I just wanna see her (Bucket naked!!! UH!)

[Verse One: Papoose]
I like it when she wear the sweatpants right the ass ain't pink
Smell like roses her pussy don't stink
Chew Doublemint gum, she like to have fun
Tatoo on her body earring on her tongue
We the real Bonnie And Clyde
Your girl aight but your girl ain't live
Flyer than a piece of paper bearin my name
Got the hottest chick in the game wearin my ring
She look good in her stay-greens, (Bucket)
But I wanna see her get (Bucket naked!!! UH!)
I like it when she wear them tight jeans, (Bucket)
But I rather see her get (Bucket naked!!! UH!)
She got my name tatooed on her
(Bucket) man I seen her when she get (Bucket naked!!! UH!)
I make her scream I hit every corner
(Bucket) cause I like her when she get (Bucket naked!!! UH!)

[Hook: Papoose]
I told her I'm a call her (Bucket) got her on the camcorder
I can't believe I saw her (Bucket naked!!! UH!)
As soon as I meet her (Bucket) like a Queen I'm a treat her
Cause I just wanna see her (Bucket naked!!! UH!)
She was sittin home alone, (Bucket) sippin on Patron
Now she in my cameraphone (Bucket naked!!! UH!)
She was dancin in the club, (Bucket) she want that thug love
Now she in that bathtub (Bucket naked!!! UH!)

[Verse Two: Remy Ma]
(THIS IS THE REMIX!!!)
Download the footage from the phone and to the Mac and make a movie
A master bedroom body and my shit come wit a jacuzzi
He said, "Excuse me miss, your lips is mad juicy"
I said, "Iit's Mrs. and +THIS+ is Papoose's"
In my birthday suit, he +Wipe Me Down+ - Lil Boosie
And we both Gs', together we make Gucci
You sex-textin, typical groupie
Men are visual, might send a picture of the oochie (Oochie Wally Wally)
I'm his housewife, his ho, his Suji
I be on my dot, Remy Ma's on du-ty
He be callin me papers so people think he use me
No, I give him three holes like a piece of loose leaf
I throw the booty, the food-y is always ready
I'm t-tellin you, B-Becky ain't got nothin on Remy
Don't need KY jelly, everything is all ready
Don't gotta take off my clothes, I'm bucket naked already!!!

[Hook: Papoose]
I told her I'm a call her got her on the camcorder
I can't believe I saw her (Bucket naked!!! UH!)
As soon as I meet her like a Queen I'm a treat her
Cause I just wanna see her (Bucket naked!!! UH!)
She was sittin home alone, sippin on Patron
And she in my cameraphone (Bucket naked!!! UH!)
She was dancin in the club, she want that thug love
Now she in that bathtub (Bucket naked!!! UH!)

[Outro]
UH! Bucket
UH! Bucket naked!!!
UH! Bucket
UH! Bucket na-bucket na-bucket-bucket naked!!![Verse 1]
See this ain't nothin that you used to
Out of the ordinary and unusual
You gotta have the mind state like I'm so great
And can't nobody do it like you do
Miraculous, phenomenal
And ain't nobody in here stoppin' you
Show no love, cause you's wassup
Look in the mirror, like what the fuck
Damn, I look good
And can't nobody freak it like I could
Yeah, okay, I got a little fat but
My shorty tell me he like it like that
I'm happy, another me there never can be
See, I'm so outstanding
Don't care if they can't stand me
I'm sittin on top of the world like Brandy

[Hook 1]
See I look too good for this necklace
And I look too good to be wearin' this
You know I look way too good to be innocent
I'm conceited, I got a reason
See I look too good to be drivin' that
And I look too good to be buyin' that
You know I look way too good to be tryin' that
I'm conceited, I got a reason

[Verse 2]
Now who's that peekin' in my window
Nobody cause I live in a penthouse
Baby I'm sorry, but I'm sexy
And all I want you to do is just bless me, let's see
This kid that I'm waitin' on
He said he love when my jeans look painted on
With this tight white tee, you ain't quite like me
Probably why I'm always gettin' hitted on
Now shorty tryin' to push up on me like a wonder bra
Listen when I speak, I wouldn't want you to take it wrong
Now, number one, I don't need you
Your name's Q, I only see "u" when I see you
Listen, two, you could never play me (why's that)
Cuz I'm such a fuckin' lady
Three, it's all about me
I don't wanna talk about it
If you'd like to hear it, here it go
I wrote a song about it

[Hook 2]
See I look too good to be fuckin' you
And I look too good to be lovin' you
You know I look way too good to be stuck with you
I'm conceited, I got a reason
See I look too good to be gettin whipped
And I look too good to be havin' kids
You know I look way too good to be in a crib
I'm conceited, I got a reason

[Verse 3]
Oh, I know what I'm doin'
I can't stop my body from movin'
I'm boppin' and poppin' to the music
He keeps watchin' me and he's about to lose it
I'm droppin' it hotter then the ?????
"Face Down, Ass Up," on some Luke shit
I'm outta control wit it, dip it low, pick it up slow
Poke it out, now roll wit it
My thong showin', but it's cool, my shoes go wit' it
Now all I need is a room wit a pole in it
See I look good and I'm knowin' it
And I was never too proud to be showin' it

[Hook 1]

[Hook 2]Yeah.. Definition of a Don
It's like I gotta keep remindin you and remindin you
Who's that nigga.. You heard the kid
Flowers on the casket of all those who oppose the squadus
It's the motherfuckin Don Cartagena ya heard
What?!

[Hook: Remy Martin]
They wanna know why ya name is Joey Crack
You a hustler, how they think you got the stacks? (Uh)
You stuck being in jacks on the blocks witcha paps (Yeah)
And the Squad to hard niggas gotta fall back (Tell 'em)
Damn papi, you're shit is icey now (Uh-huh)
In the Bronx witcha Benz rims pokin out (Ten mil)
You got the niggas in the pen straight loc'in out
But when the don is on nigga close ya mouth

[Fat Joe]
Yeah, yo
You wouldn't understand my story of life I live
Most niggas that really know me got life as bids
The trife as kids, this ain't no Scarface shit
These niggas really will kill you, your wife, and kids
I walked through many blocks niggas couldn't stand on
Had shit locked before I had a Glock to even put my hands on
Before I had the dough to put my fams on
Before I had rocks sealed in pink tops, tryna get a gram off
A wild adolescent, raised by the street
Mesmorized by the dealers and the places they eat
And when they blazed the heat, I was the shorty to take the handoff
Run upstairs, tryna sneak the gat past grandmoms
This is how it should be done... my life...
Is identical to none, son tryed to duplicate but I knew he was fake
Cuz everytime I walked by he turned blue in the face
I'm like heavy on the leg when I pop
All my change is like heavy on the weight when I cop
It's just the way it's done
Niggas tell me they respect the way I blaze them guns
On hold it down for the Bronx in the name of Pun

[Hook]

[Fat Joe]
Yeah uh, my name ring bells like a P.O
Put the pressure on a nigga like I'm right atcha do'
With the muzzle out, nigga can't shoke with my dough
I'm at his mothers house
Beat up his pops, put the pistol in his brother's mouth
Wave bricks, whips... jerked a few coke and next play the strip
With chrome knowin that they won't forget
And on the weekends we shut down clubs
You know them crazy Peurto Ricans always fuckin it up!
If I can't afford it, I'mma extort it
If I can't cut it, I'mma bake it
Strip you niggas butt-naked, I'm a thoroughbred
Carry guns and pump heroin
Never went O.T. I'm too light for Maryland
I'd rather play the streets of New York
Where the fiends are guarunteed to keep the meat on my fork
I'm just a hustler - feds put the tap
On our phones in hopes of cuffin us
Then wonder why we livin life so illustrious

[Hook] repeat 2x[Hook]
I don't know
And I don't care why they hate me, to me it's so funny
Cause while they're all hatin', I'm gettin' this money
Think they just so mad and I be laughin', bitch
I'm good even when I'm baddest
Is there a doctor in the house for the bitches I make sick
I gotta keep a condom cause they stay on my dick
Can I get a moment of silence please?
Rest in peace to the bitches that's dying to be me
Dying to be me, dying to be me

[Verse 1]
Hair done, brows waxed
Lashes laced, lips MAC'd
Nails nice, toes match
My clothes from Bergdorf Goodman, shoes from Saks
Now the bag is dope, the jewels is crack
And I pulled up in the what-the-fuck-is-that?
And this pretty face really don't help
It's practically masturbation the way I'm feelin' myself
And I'm not alone, nah, the dudes be on me
I mean when I'm regular in my Abercrombies
Tank top, flip flops, no makeup, hardly
They still can say I got a body-ody
I don't need no friends, I'm a one-bitch army
They say I'm a ton of fun, like a walkin' party
This is my prerogative like my name was Bobby
Dial 646 that bitch, you wanna call me

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I'm pretty, attitude shitty
Do I think about  care these hoes? Not really
I mean really, I kinda understand
No one likes the bitch that's fuckin' their man
But damn I got swag and he's into fashion
He said I be killin 'em, fatal attraction
I'm a 1 + 9, call me MAC 10
You a 5, I'ma call you Jackson
They say I talk mad shit, that's a fact
But ain't none of these bum bitches smack me yet
I be so lit, cute as ever
I go all the places you could never
My bag say GG or CC
Some say MJ or CD
If you got MK or LV
Your bag say H&M or AMP

[Hook]

[Bridge]
I'm sittin' in the drop that look like cotton candy
That's probably why they say they can't stand me
Their man be all in me every time we fuck
That's probably why they say they hate my guts
My buzz is so crazy and they can't take it
That's probably why they say I'm aggravatin'
I'm killin' y'all broke bitches and all y'all hasbeens
Put my condolences and flowers on your caskets

[Hook](Remy Ma speaking)
Damn
I just came home and
All these bitches is fake
Nah, I mean
Literally fake
Where my real bitches at?

(chrous)
Yo hair , yo brows
Damn you fake bitch
Ya nails , ya tan
Damn you fake bitch
Ya eyes, ya ass
Damn you fake bitch
Ya tits, ya lashes
Damn you fake bitch
Ya Fake, Fake Fake, Fake, Fake, Fake,Fake
Bitch
F-F-F-F-FAKE
Everything about u fake bitch

[Verse 1: Remy Ma]

Bumping shoulders, fist fighting, and a bitch like me can't take that
Dry blows, subliminals, indirects I hate that
You pussy bitch
You dont want it, We can take it way back
I mean no earrings, face Vaselined, six braids going straight back
(Wudup) And still I stay strapped, straight music bitch Maybach
No leg shots, arm shots, only head shots, put a hole where yo face at
Niggas Call me Rocky, she'll pop on A bitch ASAP
I put in work, just got released, this work release case that
This ugly bitch keep grilling me , hold up where my mases at, where my razor
Ima eat her food, where the fuck my placemat?
Buy my own shit off iTunes, cuz all yall hoes is straight whack
Bitch I'm so old school, this should be on 8 tracks

(Chrous)

[Verse 2: Remy Ma]

I'm just laid up, laying bitches down
Mad days, I just lay back
With my eyes red, and my money green
I ain't gotta do shit but stay black
I ain't got time for drawing blood
Homie, don't play that
You got time,  you not a thug
Cuz you ain't pay yo fed of state tax
Niggas think it's a game
Cuz they see the ass and tits
So, I put the heat in they face
And I tell em to suck my dick
These rap chicks is sick
Cuz they know Rem spit that mucus
I keep a phone that's smart
Yeah and all my cars is stupid
It gets ugly quickly
So please don't try to get cute bitch
I hear they say I shoot chicks and really live my music
I ain't even gotta do shit
Niggas a do it for me
I personally pop on bitches
Because all yall bitches corny

(Chrous)

[Verse 3: Remy Ma]
Fuck Rem look like twerkin'?
Fuck twerkin' she put that work in
I heard she keep a 4-5
And her mase in her Birkin
They try to close her curtains
But shawty, cuz she ain't hurting
Rem free as a bird
But yall still out here chirping
After six  and a half years
She sorta like a virgin
She operate that dick
She sorta like a surgeon
The girl cold
Her 36's is Perking
Rem so fresh and clean
She dont need detergent
She don't need no Urban, she don't need no Burban
Her sex drive is crazy, no red light she swervin
She speaking in 3rd person
Charge his card for what she purchase
But he don't care bout prices
Like Revlon cuz she worth it

(Chrous)[Hook](x2)
You ain't never hear me snitch
I live the code of the street, I'm a gangster bitch
I hold my own, I hold my own
Hold my own, I hold my own

[Verse 1]
I like my beat down low
Top back in my whip
I got my hate up lockers on just to puff in my pip
The truth is we selling me or Remy, you that bitch
And I be high
I roll the windows down like yeah, yeah I know that shit
Only fuck with gangster niggas cause I'm a gangster bitch
And Remy Ma is straight cash, you gotta check your shit
You pussy
I get you robbed, even though I'm rich
I'm disrespectful, tell your mom yous' a son of a bitch
I'm a international hustler, if you want it I got it
I'm talking import, export, my passport is poppin'
But I'm cautious of who's coppin'
Cause I don't mean that pretty bitches is fallin' when I be sayin' [?] is, drop it
Nigga

[Hook](x2)

[Verse 2]
I do my dirt all by my [?], why you bastards hatin'
I hold my own like I'm masturbatin'
And no, I don't have a statement, no
I'm not signing my name on no [?]
No accusations or allegations, no
I can't help with the applications, no
I don't have any information
And y'all can label me as uncooperative
Rats in the garden and the apple is rottin'
See the avenues is listening, the streets is watchin'
But I live by the code and I'mma die by the code
And can't nobody say that Remy ever told me nothin'

[Hook](x2)

[Bridge]
Where my niggas at?
Roll on a nigga cause he told on you nigga
Put your motherfuckin' guns in the air
Yeah and if you'll split, you a nigga cause he snitched on you nigga
Put your motherfuckin' guns in the air
Yeah and if you stab, you a nigga, cause he [?] on you nigga
Put your motherfuckin' guns in the air
Yeah and if you kill, you a nigga, cause he squealed on you nigga
Put your motherfuckin' guns in the air
I'm a gangster bitch

[Hook](x2)(Remy talking)
I mean what yall want me to do?
Yall want me to go off? Or do yall want me to go in?

[Verse]
I got a Ace and a 9
And I'm still like hit me
She don't write her rhymes, he fed her lines like Britney
I don't need a shooter, I'm the shooter
Come get me
Got a 9mm resting on my right kidney
This for everybody that was claiming that they miss me
My footwear crispy, flyer than a frisbee
Keep a Papermade and some college rule with me
But can still come off the head, like a 59/50
Get that heroin from Houston, so I call it Whitney
It makes the pheens scream, so I call the pheens Sidney
Shoot at cha' crib, and I don't mean where ya live see
I mean the crib where ya motherfucking kids sleep
You a square like that ugly ass Benz jeep
I'm more hood than the Ku Klux Klanche
I'ma sit on the throne, since hoes can't stand me
Ain't leaving till they call to outs me 7 Grammy's
Can't nobody tell me, I don't does this
I need some Hammer pants, cuz can't no bitch touch this
Caught yall red handed, all yall bitches is busted
My flow sick, yours is disgusting
My mic sounds nice, I just had to dust it
The rap game twisted, I'm here to adjust it
I know yall flustered ,Yall panties is bunching
Yall know Remy wrap hoes for breakfast, dinner, lunch
But, if yall play nice with me in the sandbox
I'll let yall pussies breathe
No need for Tampons
But if you wanna bleed ma welcome to JamRock
I just did six years, bitch I'm nice with a can top
All yall hoes coochi none of yall won't pop
Why yall was in Gucci, she was in gun shops
Get accidentally shot, she keep her gun cocked
She got so many sons bitch she need sunblock
Sunglasses, and UV protection
She come so hard, they should call it erection
Yeah, that girl dope this a lethal injection
She fucking with the kids they all getting molested
They say Rem is the best
These other bitches is cool
But, Rem ain't eat em up these other bitches is food
Just speak your price, she'll easily finish her
Shes so nice, she spit like Chris and em'
Chris "KRS-One", Christopher "Big Pun"
Yes, Sheezus Christ, she'll just Christian em
Bitches so thirsty, need for me to quenching em
They all washed up, so really she just rinsing em
Out in Beverly Hills, She be Fresh Prince'n em
Hoes don't exist to her, She don't even mention em
Bitches can't play with her, they coach is straight benching em
Tell them hoes hang it up, The girl is straight lynching her
They say I'm Project pretty, ghetto, high, siddity
And every hood chick wannabe like Remy
They say I walk and I talk like New York City
Ok, motherfucker so what's really?
These bitches ain't doing nothing, I gets busy
Cheap deck a ho can get smacked silly
But on the contrary , I packs the mack Milli
And believe when my gun pop, it's gone be a head shot
They locked me up, yeah they gave Rem a pen
But they fucked up when they gave Rem a pen
No studio, so I was holding them
But as soon as I got out
I started going fucking in bitch![Intro: Remy Ma]
See, this was a request
I just came home, I'm trying to get this shmoney
Attempted shmurder was the case that they gave me
But this is literally shmurder she wrote
Ah-ah-ah!

[Verse 1: Remy Ma]
See Remy, I'm a hot bitch
In my Fab voice: "You a THOT bitch!"
Lloyd Banks, Jackpot bitch!
And I told y'all I was coming for my spot bitch (Where my crown at?)
See I'm trying to keep it hip hop bitch (Uh-huh)
Remy Makaveli I could turn to Pac bitch (Thug Life!)
I took it right back to the top bitch
And if you disagree, then you could eat a cock bitch!
I see y'all running 'round with ya ass out
No make-up on, I could pull a Mac out
I swear to God, all I do is spaz out (Yeah)
I'm a 80's baby, grew up in the crack house!
I been smacking bitches since the fifth grade
Old ladies, I don't care about a bitch age
My hood taught me how to Boogie Down and Bang Bang
Hit these bird-brained bitches 'til their brains hang
Shorty like the way a bitch boss out
So he said he wanna dig my walls out
Left him looking stupid with his balls out
Cause I took his money and I walked out!
Free Bremo[?] though, let all of my dawgs out
I don't mess with fake bitches, kick them whores out (Her!)
That's what got a bitch locked up in the dog pound (Yeah)
Free Niqua too, let all of my broads out
We gon' wear our heavy jewels with the rocks on 'em
Ice dripping on these hoes, put a mop on 'em!
I see they all mad, I got it locked on 'em
See they don't respect anything 'til you popped on 'em
Swiss cheese through your leotard
Sending bitches to the E-R
The BX know I goes so hard
So I'ma do this one for the fucking Bronx!
And bitch if it's a problem, we gon' snuff y'all (Bum bitch!)
Smack the shit outta your baby moms (Done!)
Said I got your baby pictures - I done raised y'all (Yeah!)
Snatch your earrings out, pull the braids off
Tell them niggas free Meek yo!
Okaaay, free Max B. yo!
They shoulda never let me go! (Nah)
I just came home about a week ago!
Fuck with me and get a pitaroll
Sending all these bitches straight to Jesus yo!
Everybody know how Remy roll (Yeah!)
Bitches got me on my bully yo!
I'm about to go Pun on 'em
They can't fuck with me, I'm a nun on 'em
Got me on that Murder One shit
I'm a flea, you a bum bitch!
(Right, I said it. Right, exactly. Ok yeah, ok yeah, ok yeah, Rem!)I get money remix
[Nicki Minaj]
Fuck I look like coppin’ denin and tops
Niggas wanna book me but they ain’t spendin’ no guap
That’s why I pull up to the curb like fuck’s the world
You know I keep the 22 tucked in the girdle
Had to leak one of my bitches off “Throop and Myrtle”
Put the shells to your back now they callin you turtle
See if you wanna laugh, you can laugh
But nigga get my money, get my cash, get my math
See everythin’s funny till that ass gettin' trashed
Getting dirty money like my stash need a bath
See boys, if I don’t make cents then it don’t make dollas
When broke niggas holla I just pop my collars
The dope boys get it, yeah, the dope boys cool
But the white boys say, they be like Nicki’s rules
Like ya got money cuz you’re sittin' on dubs
Where your company nigga where your pay stubs
Look im on the grind n’ im lookin' for the grub
5o in the club n’ we lookin for the bub
Talkin about wanna interjoin me
First you gon’ get need to get a couple employees
Get your money right, get your money right right
Then you can bite, you know this something tight tight
You know I smoke bitches, im a need a light light
Coogi on my coochie size 3, white nikes, YEAH!

[Hook]
I get money, money I got
I get money, money I got
I get money, money I got
I get money, money I got
(I get it) i-I get money
I got m-money I got, m-money I got

[Amil]
While y’all motherfuckers was talkin that K-Mart shit
Every two days my man was movin' 4-6 bricks
And I copped me a 5 bedroom house
2 car garage, 3 full baths, I love it when you run your mouth
Jag in the driveway, sittin' right next to the rover
Bitch I ain't neva been over
Broke ass runnin round talkin' bout im popped
Bag and shoes bout a g each, bitch what you got
I keep a fresh pair of sevens on
Bitch you still got 54’11’s on, uh
Since when I gave a fuck about this rappin shit
While you waitin' round for record deals, im stackin' bitch
I blow your budget in a day, your advance the same night
Before you talk next bitch get your money tight
Bitch I get money, money I got
Bitch I don’t come outta pocket
I let niggas cop it

[Hook]
I get money, money I got
I get money, money I got
(I get it) i-I get money
I got m-money I got, m-money I got
(I run new york)

[Lil Kim]
The bank don’t stop cause they put me in cuffs
Still made money up in the can, what the fuck
I’ll have a baby by you baby, if you a billionaire
Write the check before I come, just sign right here
Im a stay rich, I ain't gon’ die tryna spend my shit
Im a die tryna spend your shit
Now-a-days these rap niggas on some feminine shit
So I guess Queen B gon’ be the man of this shit
Laughin at these rap bitches on some amateur shit
They better off makin a livin' some janitor shit
Who the hell is this chick
She been out kinda long
Had 1 hot song, im sorry I missed it
Too busy being conceited, puttin' on my lipstick
Takin trips out in Cali chillin' with the Hiltons
Yeah, im chillin, Kim top ballin'
With the top down throwin money thru ceiling
I get it!
The life style you only rap about I live it!
My man buys me cars that you hoes be rentin'
Im classy like the Phantom, you a Honda Civic
Lil Kim got your whole bank stop, I get it

Bustin shots, B-Bustin shots
Bustin shots, B-Bustin shots

[Remy]
See you can call this the Rem-mix
But it ain't Rem tho
Its Shesus Khryst, I switched up my M.O
The BX savior, gimme the paper
Im passin' out the collection plates
Cause I get gully, bust a shot right at your favorite rapper
Really kill Hip-Hop
See im gettin' the guap
Hater you just a Rem fan
I put haters in trunks and I don’t mean swin pants
I talk gun talk and people believe me
But that’s how I do it when I do it for TV
Tryna stop my cash flow
I flips on your assholes
My itinerary full, I got mad shows
Im goin overseas to see R to the Easy
At currency exchange I get Euro easy
And my hair be FRESH
My gear be FRESH
I got last year, this year and next
Cause

I-I get money, money I got
I-I get money, money I got
M-money I got – M-money I got
M-money I got – M-money I got[Hook:]
You look like a bitch gotcha face all bent up
I like a pimp got my gators and my pimp
You take orders and run errands
I take vacations with killers and four time felons
You outside on line like where the weed
I'm inside getting high V.I.P stats
You where the rats and the D's at
I'm where the B's and the C's and the real O.G's at

[Verse 1:]
Ayo the girl spits harder than most dudes
I give it to you on any given sunday like soul food
I ain't even gotta double my vocals
I do amazing ad-libs and the rest is Pro Tools
I'm in the booth wit no shoes and my chain be bangin the mic so I don't got on no jewels
I'm so hot and I done told you
You ain't no kin to me so basically I don't know you
You don't know me homie I clap you with yo heat
If this was an L.A
I'd be a mother fucking OG
Set off the sirens form thee alliance
Its a four alarm blaze and I'm on fire
I was talking to Kanye and I heard through the wire
That I'm the truth and you're a liar
I'm the queen of rap and there is none higher and all you slut bag whores should call me sire

[Hook 1X]

[Verse 2:]
I'm like fuck that this is it
All these other chicks is wack and I'm the shit
See I'm from New York so I repped the Knicks
I'mma I'mma Husslin I could get them bricks
They say my flow is crazy and I could spit and I rap as if I had a dick
Bitches is bad but I'm that bitch
Listen I'm so above the average
Now my walk is mean but my whip is sick
I can't stand a clown but I love a trick
I see a group of dudes and I take my pick
Like you you and you with the Timbs hi nice to meet you my name is Rem
I don't drive a caddy but I'm stuntin like a pimp struct
With a diddy bop looking something like a limp
I cleaned up my money now I'm filthy fucking rich (shit)

[Hook 1X]

[Verse 3:]
See I'm from where niggas stash packs in the backs of their ball sack and pump crack, yak, D, weed and that
Put more baking soda in there coke to get more back
Roc Timberlands uptowns White Tees and sports hats
We kill all rats tell lies cheat and steal
Tints pitch black even gotta em on the windsheild
Liscense suspended Vehicles rented
Warrants open cases several offenses
No phone no cable notices of eviction
Parents is addicted kids don't listen
No rules no school no food in the kitchen and the staircase and elevator smell like piss
You can only talk tough if you do tough things
If you ain't from around here you better tuck them blings
Only difference between me and you is that I got out the hood but the hood is still in me

[Hook 1X][Intro]
Oh really, this what y'all was doin' while I was gone? Playtime's over
I'm around, yeah I'm around
I, I'm around, yeah, yeah I'm around
I'm around, yeah I'm around
I'm around, yeah, yeah I'm around

[Verse 1]
I'm the queen, I got a crown, ho
I wet bitches, I try to drown hoes
This is punisher, I ground hoes
I don't play that, Homey The Clown hoes
She a deuce, she got chopped up
These pussies loose, she got fucked up
You act bougie, you get stuck up
I'm 'bout a dollar, you get bucked up

[Hook]
It's goin' down, yeah I'm around
Just touched the town, yeah, yeah I'm around
With my crown, yeah I'm around
I'm around, mothafucka I'm around
Money, I'm around, guns, I'm around
Cars, I'm around, drugs, I'm around
I'm around, tell them niggas I'm around
I'm around, tell them bitches I'm around

[Verse 2]
You a bug, I am so flee
I give you some, I am so me
That went over your head, I OD
I'm Bobby Johnson, I'm an OG
My hat, my 40 ounce, it's OE
I got thick hair, I hold heat
Hoes scared, y'all got cold feet
Your run is over, you a slow leak

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I'm a felon, my gun go off
Burn bitches, I'm a blow torch
I cancel bitches, I'm a show off
I'm too hard, I got blue balls
I talk greasy, my mouth too slick
I'm on fire, the girl's fuse lit
I'm a bitch, I'm a blue pitt
I throw it up, bitch are you sick?

[Hook][Verse 1: Remy]
Tell me why is yall actin' like
I don't have this
Like I don't get it in
When it comes to this rap shit
The mixtape murderer, album assassin
Anything I ever been on it's a classic
The Queen of NY , yeah I run my residence
The former First Lady now I'm running for President
99% of these guys are better than the chicks already
So they know what it is, unsigned till veteran
Fuck is you telling Rem, I'm the epitome
I'm the equivalent of the Statue of Liberty
I'm right at the Port, holding the torch
With a crown on my head
Yeah I run New York
It's the BX savior, Harlem's finest
I run Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island
I'm not wildin' I'm that thorough
I'm that nice I rep all five boroughs
I'm hot on 9-7, got power on 1-0-5
I'm up and down Manhattan like the FDR Drive
See I don't think yall get it
I'm more NY than a Yankee fitted
And everyday I live here
Its like I'm risking my life
I done seen them blow the World Trade Center up twice
And I'm still here
What you thought?
You can tell from my accent I'm from New York
I run New York[Intro - Fat Joe talking]
Cool & Dre, uh
Terror Squad motherfuckers
They're all gonna laugh at ya, haha
They're all gonna laugh at ya
Yeah, (YO), uh, (oh God), haha
Haha (feedin you, feedin you)
Yo (feedin you, feedin you)

[Fat Joe]
Yo, uh, yo, call me the JV artist
That means I own two joint ventures and two different labels, niggas that pay me homage
Been in this game for nine seasons
That's nine reasons why I'm expired the rhyme beefin
Ya'll niggas is rappin ass backwards
I left twenty spots since beginnin this rap shit
All yo papi lo que pasa contigo
Mad cause I'm the only nigga reppin our people
When I came in this game, no one wanted the job
All of a sudden niggas actin like they wanna go hard
Spittin venom 'bout the Squad, try and shittin the God
This ain't no "Scarface" shit, blow up your kids in the car
And since you wanna act like you livin a movie
I'll hit you with more shots than Bruce Lee got in a "Fist of Fury"
Bitch niggas, nothin but snitch niggas
Today you on my dick, tomorrow you on his nigga
Got deported from the Squad, can't afford another car
Where's your house at? I heard your livin with your moms (livin with your moms)
Blane nigga better stay in your place
Keep talkin, burst a flame in your face, motherfucker

[Armageddon]
Yo, yo, with this comparison the Geddy is God
Cause even though you never seen me, I been put fear in your hearts
And I'm smooth like a Mulo it theme
Skip bullets of your Coogi beam
Before you knew you were seen
Yeah I'm nice and I don't care if you know
Cause all you really need to understand is how hard I'm rulin with Joe
And the streets is no place for late bloomers
Just gangsta niggas, snakes and bitches that meant to spread rumors
Listen, I'm from the Bronx were the gun shoot rabid
Front if you want, but don't think we don't shoot rapids
I'm what some might consider a ghost
Cause I move at night, plus I'm the type to play a live nigga close
I'm the ultimate, high consulted, rhyme vocalist
I write dope, spit dust and shit cocoa bricks
This is what you dicks need to act-knowledge
Or get the shit smacked outta ya fat cabbage
Don't ask why we act violent
We just killas and thugs
Niggas wit mad talent, that still dabble in drugs
I only rap now to speak to the streets
They say the Squad gotta feed 'em the beef
So we gonna feed 'em the beef

[Prospect]
My nine milly blaze, and hit hard like Willy Mays
Since my kiddy days, grew up with thugs who were really crazed
Ain't no silly games, right here be the truth
150 proof, whoever, I'm talkin to you
They call me Prospect, I'm one in a mil
One of the real, I rap but I still put a gun in your grill
I'm the reason why I catch you when your car breezin by, with your Iceberg team
You look when the light turns green
Your scared to death, don't make me have to air at ya chest
Or tear ya flesh, for actin like I carin whats left
Anyone can get it in a minute give it some time, I'm livin this rhyme
Let my nine get in your spine, sit and recline
Get so mad, forget and rewind
So I can see what I did again and just slide
To the next level, hop on the bike and just pedal
Bustin at your best rebel, who runnin to test medal
Let me get settled, lay my mom down in this game
For niggas kinda refain, I push 'em down in the train
Bout it the same, my three cousins up in the Benz
Big, G Psycho and E, ya'll know what this is

[Remy Martin]
Yo, yo, It's the T, E, a R a, a R a, O, R Squad
So you know I gotta be that bitch Remy Mar
With Armageddon and your nigga Joe The God
Tony Sunshine and motherfuckin Prospect
Straight out the projects
A forest, where they kill for mils and they blast the steel
But I'm from murda murda Castle Hill
I got a big ass burner, but I'll slash your grill
Yo don't got no status, don't want no static
They knew you was loco toto, and I don't no Spanish
All I know is how to cock back and aim for the cabbage
And keep on bustin 'til the bitch brain splatter
And the kids won't matter, when the crib's on fire
What you spit don't matter, cause this bitch on fire
And I won't stop rockin 'til I retire
Any bitch disagree is a god damn liar

[Outro - Fat Joe talking]
Yeah, uh infamous Terror Squad nigga
Loyalty, what does it mean to you
How many a ya'll niggas is loyal?
All these Benedict Arnold niggas
Switch sidin niggas, ya heard?
Nigga I throw this whole rap shit out the window in a sec, ya heard?
Joe Crack the Don Diggler
The savior, Caesar, the streets is mine nigga
We ride, who wanna test the record launcher, ya see 'em?
Uh, haha, feedin you, feedin you, feedin you
Make your move baby, c'mon
Step up baby
They're all gonna laugh at ya
(*laughing*), woo, BX[Hook – Swizz Beats & Remy Ma]
I’m about my shit, I’m about my clique
I’m about my shit, I’m about my clique
No hating ass niggas gon take my shit
No hating ass niggas gon take my shit

I’m about my shit, I’m about my clique
I’m about my shit, I’m about my clique
No hating ass bitches gon take my shit
No hating ass bitches gon take my shit

[French Montana]
Riding through New York with no motherfucking tints again
Hip hop police done got him on the list again
There them niggas go, black hoodies and them chimps again
If the homie miss you once, he ain’t gon miss again
Oriental diamonds on the link, like Michigan
Old money tall, hit the club, buying Cris again
Playing like the bulls, played the fool like Rich and them
Broke, got rich, got poor, got rich again
Now we the hottest, ducking the blue Impala
Nah, wear no Prada, links, you see no collar
Took cold pennies and I turned em to a dollar
Told Frank I was loyal, he called me Montana

[Hook]

[Verse 2 – Remy Ma]
Yo, R E M Y, stay fresh, been fly
Fully automatic, all these other bitches semi
You’ll pop like soda, ho I pop like July
This bitch is the fake truth, when the fuck y’all gon realize
I’m the uno, single one that own you
You the same old thing, I cop and clone you
Boost, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile, phone you
You’re not my friend, my kin, my bitch, my homie, no
I don’t know you, I don’t owe you shit
Like 2000 in the mall, bitch I blow you quick
See actually, I practically raised you bitches
I got a wallet in my pocket with your baby pictures

[Hook]

[Verse 3 –  Jadakiss]
Soon as I step out my whip
Niggas start asking questions about my fit
If it ain’t about no paper, it’s not bout shit
Welcome home Remy Ma, had to shout my bitch
Never catch me in the trap house without my bricks
Never catch me in a gun fight without my sticks
Met a couple of your dogs, killed like Mike Vicks
Five heartbeats, yeah nigga, nights like this
Leave some bad honeys around, types I twist
Throw some extra money around for nights I miss
Might blow a little sour but I lights my piff
You a hater, have a party and invite my dick
What up?

[Hook](Remy Ma talking)
Turn it up louder
Most anticipated
Something Bout Remy nigga
Look

[Remy Ma: Verse 1]
I ain't thinking bout bitches
I'm on the road on promo tour
You in the hood fucking for free
Straight promo whore
Dildo in ya butt that should be your logo slore
I seen you prostitute bitches on the porno tour
I had few exclusive spots but they ain't low no more
I heard you stopped by now I don't go no more
I send  40Cal shots through your Volvo door
Yo I rock more Chanel than that Coco girl
You coppin knock offs acting like its really a Gucci
I hops out the Porsche in Emilio Pucci
And walk up in the corner store and get me a loosie
And I dont even smoke just to shit on you groupies
And get a brown paper bag so I can sit on the stoop see
It dont more hood than your girl Rem truthfully
Like Keyshia and New Jack City the movie
Rock a bye baby you niggas is Pookie
And I got that crack
I dont know nothing about slow money
Grey base, pure white
Call me a snow bunny
You never fired a gun I keeps it so gully
My gun fire like Mike Saunders for  Payola Money
I'm conceited Rem could never be ugly
I take a Chinese chick ass before a face like Buffie's
The rumors is crazy, I must really be that bitch
How can I have time to pipe Pap and yall on his dick?
Picture me robbed by a washed up video chick
And how I'm arguing with Foxy and she can't hear shit?
Matter fact dont even ask me nothing bout nobody
With a clit, a pussy, a ass, or some tits
I ain't gay I can only tell you bout dick
And thats word to the saliva in my mouth I spit
That shit like none other
Fuck ya baby mother
We piped in the crib
I wipe my pussy with the baby covers
Yeah I'm crazy I know bitches hate me
But really ion love em
And yall can't make me
Nope

(Remy talking)
Somethin Bout Remy
Most Anticipated my name is Remy Ma![Verse: Remy Ma]
Yo, I'm a real bitch, these sluts ain't
Six years I did upstate
I did walks like I'm on a catwalk
These bitches walk like they butts stank
See my jewelry, you'll see rock
Like that imported vodka that Puff drink
Embrace the haters, I love hate
Cause y'all showing love, but that love fake
I'm from Castle Hill where they pump weight
The murder rate high and the drug rate
Them thugs love me, I got blood money
Cause I stash my money in a Blood bank
I been doing good, my son great
Y'all better have my ones straight
Hurry up, I don't fucking wait
I'll eat her food on my lunch break
Cuff me they uncover the truth
These hoes lie, yeah her too
Art of War, I'm Sun Tzu
I'm back bitch, don't know what to do
Your run was short like a (?)
Your hood where the ops live
Speed across the Ed Koch bridge
And pull up in front of that thot crib
I don't argue that's bum shit
My Mackage gets unzipped
Reach on you then dump clips
Punish her - that's Pun's shit
They all lost already
They don't want me to win
I'm 'bout to kill these hoes - Scott Peterson

[Hook: Chris Brown]
Raise every bottle and cup in the sky
Sparks in the air like the Fourth of July
Nothing but bad bitches in here tonight
Oh, if you lame and you know it be quiet
Nothing but real niggas only, bad bitches only
Rich niggas only, independent bitches only
Boss niggas only, thick bitches only
I got my real niggas here by my side, only[DJ Paul]
Uh-huh... Three 6... Mafia...
We gotta do it for the ladies this time man... gotta do one
For the ladies they say we never do one for em... We gon
Talk about how ladies have these dudes sewed up...
How a lotta dudes fall lame to the game.. It's goin down...

[Hook] x2
This pussy got ya hooked pussy got cha hooked
HELL NAW!
This pussy got ya hooked pussy got cha hooked
HELL NAW!
This pussy got ya hooked pussy got cha hooked
HELL NAW!
This pussy got ya hooked pussy got cha hooked
HELL NAW!

[Juicy J]
Freaky lil thang gon pass me by watchin you out the corner of my eye
Wit a big booty and them healthy thighs let a nigga get a lil piece of that pie
You ain't all that why you actin stuck up let me pour some of this drank in ya cup
And maybe later I'll hit them guts and maybe at night you'll be catchin the bus
Worsem ass nigga keep blowin up ya phone can't get the picture won't leave you alone
(you have 12 new voice messages) Girl what you done did that fool head gone
I think a young playa need to hook up wit you cause ain't no tellin what you might do
Chew a nigga up in the Bentley coupe toes curlin up like Roman noodles

[Hook]

[DJ Paul]
She get it so wet she make it so warm
And on a lame brain mane she got a lotta charm
She swallow it like a pill and makin them pay them bills
For another nigga kid cell phone car and crib
He payin for the dinner for him her and all her friends
And when he spend the night her dog in the bed he in the den
But still he say he love her wouldn't put his mom above her
He did all this after the first time he ever fucked her

[Hook]

[Remy Ma]
Don't ask me nigga you nasty nigga you had ya tongue in my ass nigga
And you a pro so I know it wasn't the first time and it won't be the last nigga
And ain't't tryna to act like it wasn't all that when you be sick when I'll fall back
Name any piece of furniture in ya crib and I can guarantee we fuck on that
See when you hooked you know that it's.. so good you gotta go back
Then it seem like any other chick that you try to stick ya dick in be so wack
And for some reason it won't stay up but when you wit me it be way up
And you'll never say no when I call yo phone you already be ready to lay up

[Crunchy Blac]
He's a lame ass nigga hollerin that he pimpin the broad (pimpin the broad)
But found out he was spendin amp on the broad (amp on the broad)
Ohh how a nigga be wit that flauge (wit that flauge)
Hannndcuffin hoes that'll do that job (do that job)
Sloooob on my knob mane get that change (get that change)
Ain't no shame in her gotdamn game (gotdamn game)
All she think about she wanna please her mane (please her mane)
Bringin back double drivin him insane (him insane)

[Hook] x2

[Music to fade]