[Produced by Dr. Dre and Mel-Man]

[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
Yeah nigga
I'm still fucking with ya
Still waters run deep
Still Snoop Dogg and D-R-E, '99 nigga
Guess who's back
Still doing that shit huh Dre?
(Oh for sho', check me out)

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
It's still Dre Day nigga, AK nigga
Though I've grown a lot, can't keep it home a lot
Cause when I frequent the spots that I'm known to rock
You hear the bass from the truck when I'm on the block
Ladies they pay homage, but haters say Dre fell off
How nigga?
My last album was The Chronic (nigga)
They want to know if he still got it
They say rap's changed
They wanna know how I feel about it
(If you ain't up on thangs)
Dr. Dre is the name
I'm ahead of my game
Still puffing my leafs
Still fuck with the beats, still not loving police
Still rock my khakis with a cuff and a crease
Still got love for the streets, repping 213 (for life)
Still the beats bang, still doing my thang
Since I left ain't too much changed, still

[Hook: Snoop Dogg (Dr. Dre)] (x2)
I'm representing for them gangstas all across the world
Still hitting them corners in them lo-lo's, girl
(Still taking my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D-R-E)

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Since the last time you heard from me I lost some friends
Well, hell, me and Snoop, we dippin' again
Kept my ear to the streets, signed Eminem
He's triple platinum, doing 50 a week
Still, I stay close to the heat
And even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet
My life's like a soundtrack I wrote to the beat
Treat rap like Cali weed, I smoke 'til I sleep
Wake up in the A.M., compose a beat
I bring the fire til you're soaking in your seat
It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth
Since Turn Out the Lights from the World Class Wreckin Cru
I'm still at it
After-mathematics
In the home of drive-by's and ak-matics
Swap meets, sticky green, and bad traffic
I dip through then I get skin, D-R-E

[Hook: Snoop Dogg (Dr. Dre)] (x3)

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
It ain't nothing but more hot shit
Another classic CD for y'all to vibe with
Whether you're cooling on the corner with your fly bitch
Laid back in the shack, play this track
I'm representing for the gangstas all across the world
Still (Hitting them corners on the lo-lo's girl)
I'll break your neck, damn near put your face in your lap
Niggas try to be the king but the ace is back (So if you ain't up on thangs)
Dr. Dre be the name still running the game
Still, got it wrapped like a mummy
Still ain't tripping, love to see young blacks get money
Spend time out the hood, take they moms out the hood
Hit my boys off with jobs, no more living hard
Barbeques every day, driving fancy cars
Still gon' get mine regardless

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
Right back up in ya mothafuckin' ass, 9-5 plus four pennies!
Add that shit up, D-R-E right back up on top of thangs
Smoke some with your dog, no stress, no seeds, no stems, no sticks!
Some of that real sticky icky icky, ooh wee!
Put it in the air, oh, you's a fool DR[Hook x2: Erykah Badu]
If you were worried bout where
I been or who I saw or
What club I went to with my homies
Baby don't worry you know that you got me

[Verse 1: Black Thought]
Somebody told me that this planet was small
We used to live in the same building on the same floor
And never met before
Until I'm overseas on tour
And peeped this Ethiopian queen from Philly
Taking classes abroad
She studying film and photo, flash, focus, record
Said she working on a flick and
Could my clique do the score
She said she loved my show in Paris
At Elysee Montmartre
And that I stepped off the stage and took a piece of her heart
We knew from the start that
Things fall apart, intentions shatter
She like that shit don't matter
When I get home get at her
Through letter, phone whatever
Let's link, let's get together
Shit you think not
Think the Thought went home and forgot
Time passed, we back in Philly now she up in my spot
Telling me the things I'm telling her is making her hot
Starting building with her constantly round the clock
Now she in my world like hip-hop
And keep telling me

[Hook: Erykah Badu]

[Verse 2]
[Black Thought]
Yo I'm the type that's always catching a flight
And sometimes I gotta be out at the height of the night
And that's when she flip and get on some 'ol

[Eve]
Another lonely night
Seem like I'm on the side you only loving your mic
I know you gotta get that paper Daddy keep that shit tight
But yo I need some sort of love in my life, you dig me
While politicking with my sister from New York City
She said she know this ball player and he think I'm pretty
Psych, I'm playing boo
You know it's just wit you I'm staying boo
And when cats be popping game
I don't hear what they sayin boo
When you out there in the world
I'm still your girl
With all my classes I don't have the time for life's thrills
So when you sweating on stage think of me when you rhyme
And don't be listening to your homies, they be leaving you blind

[Black]
Yeah, so what you sayin I can trust you?

[Eve]
Is you crazy, you my king for real

[Both]
But sometimes relationships get ill

[Eve]
No doubt

[Hook: Erykah Badu]

[Verse 3: Black Thought]
That snake could be that chick and that rat could be that cool cat
That's whispering she trying to play you for the fool Black
If something's on your chest then let it be known
See I'm not at you every five minutes all on the phone
And on the topic of trust, it's just a matter of fact
That people bite back and fracture what's intact
And they'll forever be, I ain't on some oh I'm a celebrity
I deal with the real, so if it's artificial let it be
I've seen people caught in love like whirlwinds
Listening to they squads and listening to girlfriends
That's exactly the point where their whole world ends
Lies come in, that's where that drama begins
And she like

[Hook: Erykah Badu][Hook: Eminem]
This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit
Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it
It's just some shit, for these kids, to trash they rooms with
Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit
The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it
You just know, that's the new shit
The type of shit that causes mass confusion
And drastic movement of people actin' stupid

[Verse 1: Kon Artis]
I come to every club with intention to do harm
With a prosthetic arm and smelling like Boone's Farm
Hiding under tables as soon as I hear alarms
Paranoid thief that'll steal from his own mom
Kuniving Kon, Artis with a bomb
Strapped to my stomach screamin', let's get it on
A lush that love to drink, drunk driving a tank
Rollin' over a bank, cops see me and faint
It's drastic, I'm past my limit of coke
I think I'll up my high by slittin' your throat
Push your baby carriage into the street, till it's mince meat
Your mens been beat the minute I step onto your street
This is fight music

[Verse 2: Bizarre]
You know why my hands are so numb (No)
Cause my grandmother sucked my dick and I didn't cum (Oh)
Smacked this whore for talkin' crap
So what if she's handicapped; the bitch said Bizarre couldn't rap
I fuckin' hate you; I'll take your drawers down and rape you
While Dr. Dre videotapes you (hell yeah)
Satan done got me on this song
Eatin' a hot dog reading the Holy Qu'ran, while I'm on the john
Tired of wearin' this yellow thong
Take it back Sisqo, you know where it belongs, thong th-thong thong
Now here's a gun, I'll put it in your palm
Now go over there and blow up Dru Hill's arms
Fuck your love songs

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Proof]
Just bring who you gon' bring on, who you gon' swing on
I'm King Kong, guns blow you to kingdom come
Show you machine gun funk
Sixteen M-16's and one pump
The snub in my paw, shove it in your jaws
Have you running out this fucking club in your drawers
We lovin' the broads, there's nothin' to applaud
But fuck it it's all good, the hood is up in us all
It's fight music

[Verse 4: Swifty McVay]
I'm a nigga that loves scuffles
And won't hesitate to sock you again with swollen knuckles
I'm like that, catch a nigga like bear traps
Blow his head back right in front of the precinct
I slap your freak, bump you and won't speak
If you step on my feet, you get drowned in your own drink
I suffocated my shrink just for talkin'
Came back and fucked up his pallbearers and made them drop his coffin
It's fight music

[Verse 5: Kuniva]
These beads I'm swingin' is stingin' them
See all these niggas, when I step in the club, I'm bringin' them
If any nigga looking too hard, we Rodney King'n them
Malice Green to them and gasolining them with premium
Light a cigarette, flick it at them or spit it at them
Hold up a picture of his family and kick it at him
Blast while you right hooking, right when your wife's looking
Fuck fight music, bitch, this is losing your life music

[Verse 6: Eminem]
If I could capture the rage of today's youth and bottle it
Crush the glass with my bare hands and swallow it
And spit it back in the faces of you racists
And hypocrites who think the same shit but don't say shit
You Liberace's, Versace's, and you Nazis
Watch me, cause you figured you got me in this hot seat
You motherfuckers wanna judge me cause you're not me
You'll never stop me, I'm top speed as you pop me, watch me
I came to save these new generations of babies
From parents who failed to raise them cause they're lazy
To grow to praise me I'm makin' them go crazy
That's how I got this whole nation to embrace me
And you fugazi if you think I'mma admit wrong
I cripple any hypocritic critic I'm siced on
And this song is for any kid who gets picked on
A sick song to retaliate to, and it's called

[Hook]

It's fight music[Intro: 50 Cent]
Yeah
Uh huh
So seductive

[Hook]
[50 Cent]
I'll take you to the candy shop
I'll let you lick the lollipop
Go ahead girl, don't you stop
Keep going til you hit the spot, whoaa

[Olivia]
I'll take you to the candy shop
Boy, one taste what I got
I'll have you spending all you got
Keep going til you hit the spot, whoaa

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
You could have it your way, how do you want it?
You gonna back that thing up or should I push up on it?
Temperature rising, ok, let's go to the next level
Dance floor jam packed, hot as a tea kettle
I break it down for you now, baby it's simple
If you be a nympho, I be a nympho
In the hotel or in the back of the rental
On the beach or in the park, it's whatever you into
Got the magic stick, I'm the love doctor
Have your friends teasing you about how sprung I got you
When you show me what you working baby, no problem
Get on top, get your bounce around like a low rider
I'm a seasoned vet, when it come to this shit
After you work up a sweat, you could play with the stick
I'm trying to explain baby, the best way I can
I melt in your mouth girl, not in your hand (uh huh)

[Hook]

[Hook - 50 Cent]

[Bridge: 50 Cent (Olivia)]
Girl what we do (what we do)
And where we do (and where we do)
The things we do (things we do)
Are just between me and you, yea (oh yeah, yea)

[Verse 2: 50 Cent]
Give it to me baby, nice and slow
Climb on top, ride like you in a rodeo
You ain't never heard a sound like this before
Cause I ain't never put it down like this
Soon as I come through the door, she kept pulling on my zipper
It's like a race, who can get undressed quicker
Isn't it ironic, how erotic it is to watch her in thongs
Had me thinking about that ass after I'm gone
I touched the right spot at the right time
Lights on or lights off, she like it from behind
So seductive, you should see the way she whine
Her hips in slow mo on the floor when we grind
Long as she ain't stopping, homie, and I ain't stopping
Dripping wet with sweat, man it's on and popping
All my champagne campaign, bottle after bottle, it's on
And we gonna sip that heavy bubble man, every bottle is gone

[Hook][Verse 1]
Baby I just don't get it, do you enjoy being hurt?
I know you smelled the perfume, the make-up on his shirt
You don't believe his stories, you know that they're all lies
Bad as you are, you stick around and I just don't know why

[Pre-Hook]
If I was ya man baby you'd
Never worry bout what I do
I'd be coming home back to you
Every night, doing you right
You're the type of woman deserves good things
Fistful of diamonds handful of rings
Baby you're a star, I just want to show you, you are

[Hook]
You should let me love you
Let me be the one to
Give you everything you want and need
Baby, good love and protection
Make me your selection
Show you the way love's supposed to be
Baby, you should let me love you, love you, love you
Love you

[Verse 2]
You’re true beauty’s description; look so good that it hurts
You're a dime plus 99 and it's a shame, don't even know what you're worth
Everywhere you go, they stop and stare, cause you're bad and it shows
From your head to your toes, out of control baby you know

[Pre-Hook & Hook]

[Bridge]
You deserve better girl (You know you deserve better)
We should be together girl (Baby)
With me and you it's whatever girl, hey
So can we make this thing ours?

[Hook x2][Verse 1: Fat Joe]
I don't give a fuck about your faults or mishappens nigga
We from the Bronx, New York, shit happens
Kids clappin', love to spark the place
Half the niggas in the Squad got a scar on their face
It's a cold world and this is ice
Half a mill for the charm, nigga this is life
Got the Phantom in front of the buildin, Trinity Ave
Ten years been legit, they still figure me bad
As a young'n - was too much to cope with
Why you think mu'fuckers nicknamed me Cook Coke shit
Shoulda been called Armed Robbery
Extortion, or maybe Grand Larceny
I did it all, I put the pieces to the puzzle
Just as long, I knew me and my peoples was 'gon bubble
Came out the gate on some Flo-Jo shit
Fat nigga with the shotty was the logo kid!

[Hook: Fat Joe] x2
I said my niggas don't dance
We just pull up our pants and, do the rockaway
Now lean back, lean back, lean back, lean back

[Verse 2: Remy Martin]
R to the Ezzy, M to the Yzzy
My arms stay breezy, the Don stay flizzy
Got a date at 8, I'm in the 7-4-fizzive
And I just bought a bike so I can ride till I die
With a matchin' jacket, 'bout to cop me a mansion
My niggas in the club, but you know they not dancin
We gangsta, and gangstas don't dance, we boogie
So never mind how we got in here with burners and hoodies
Listen we don't pay admission and the bouncers don't check us
And we - walk around the metal detectors
And there really ain't a need for a VIP section
In the middle of the dance floor reckless, check it
Said he - liked my necklace, started relaxin
Now that's what the fuck I call a chain reaction
See Money Ain't a Thing nigga, we still the same niggas
Flows just changed now we bout to change the game nigga

[Hook: Fat Joe]

[Verse 3: Fat Joe]
Now we living better now, Coogi sweater now
And that G4 can fly through any weather now
See, niggas get tight when you worth some millions
This is why I sport the chinchilla to hurt they feelings
You can find Joe Crack at all type of shit
Out in Vegas front row to all the fights and shit
If 5-0 boy come, then they'd proudly squeal
Cause half these rappers they Blow like Derek Foreal
If you cross the line, damn right I'm 'gon hurt ya
These faggot niggas even made gang signs commercial
Even Lil' Bow Wow throwin' it up
B2K crip walkin' like that's what's up!
Kay keep tellin' me to speak about the Rucker
Matter of fact, I don't wanna speak about the Rucker
Not even Pee Wee Kirkland could imagine this
My niggas didn't have to play to win the championship, come on!

[Hook: Fat Joe][Hook: Chris Brown]
It’s ‘bout to go down (Oh yeah)
Baby, you’re gonna get your wish tonight
Lay it down, right here
Scream my name, baby I love you
Now wherever you are, I’ll be right by your side tonight
And if you’re wearing panties, take em off baby
‘Cos imma do you wrong in the right way

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
Now Imma do you wrong, in the right way
Fucking with the lights on, know you had a long day
Hold you nigga down, girl I fuck with you the long way
Pull up to your college, then I fuck you in the hallway
Real nigga, all day
You know I don’t fuck with fakes
Said she on her period, she told me just to fuck her face
Real bitch, trill bitch, someone I could deal with
Feds try to run up in my crib, she hit the kill switch
She would never let me down, only wanna lift me up
When I got locked down in county, she was there to pick me up
Mind her business, know wussup
Purple sprite, she pour it up
Even bought a pound for a nigga, ‘bout to roll it up
If the lights off in the club, niggas still gon’ notice her
Gave my bitch my Lamborghini, nigga get your motor up
When I get that ass in my bed, Imma bust her head open
Third leg stroking, got the whole bed soaking

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Tyga]
You got that work, that pussy purr
That Lambo driver, she ride it, for sure
My chauffeur, know wussup, it’s yours
I mean hers, she can concur
Baddest thing on this Earth
Let me take my time, Imma lick it first
Imma make it hurt, put it in the dirt... mmm
That’s some crazy ass shit for you
And you know I got this hit for you, put this dick on you
Enjoy you, and I spoil you
Back and forth, in and out, no backing off
My shit don’t harp, My lover love real don’t dissolve
Bitches ain’t loyal, one love
But they hot and cold
I swerve that deuce on ‘em, baby like this dick cold
T-Raww got that flame doe
She want burgers in Bordeaux, stop giving that ‘cause she mine doe
In this game you gotta find hope
I’m young and kingin', so you know what it is...

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Chris Brown]
Let me kiss that body, when I get excited
When you scream my name, when you hit the notes
You gon' sound melodic
Baby girl just ride it
Show me something they can’t see
Fuck me like you angry, playin' all of that K-Ci & Jojo
Them slow jams, we hold hands
Do that there like a stripper, on my dick she pole dance (Oh no)
It’s going down, going down babe
Put it in reverse, flip it around babe
Yeah, ‘cause we’re one on one
Busting round after round like a gun
Doing all that freaky shit to me
I love the way you put it down babe
I like it, when I’m in and out, and you’re making them sounds babe
And I want some more, it’s about to go down

[Hook][Scratch intro]

Chorus [Black Thought and Scratch] 2x
Once again 'gain
Once again 'gain
Once again 'gain 'gain ladies and gentlemen
Once again 'gain
Once again 'gain
Once again 'gain 'gain
Yo, Adrenaline

[Black Thought]
Yo I'm in the eye of the storm, where the pressure's on
And MC's is dressed funny like a leprechuan
I chop rappers up like chicken szechuan
Sells a squads off like a slave auction
Aiyyo my zodiac sign read caution
On stage, I make your seed to an or-phan
Yo, my age an algebraic equation
Niggas want some? I hit em wit a portion
Son, The Fifth foursome, armed at the door son
M-illi-tilla, Dice Raw, quick draw son
You don't want no more son? That's when more come
And drag a nigga Erie Avenue to Oregon, you're all done
Ladies and gentlemen
Select the weapon at the gate upon entering, The Roots instrumentaling
Spark shit, them niggas try to talk shit
We hit em like the L at 60th and Market
South Philly clip a hole into a nigga pocket
Take sneaks, chains and rings and bracelets
Split back this like we the therapist
Adrenaline, Fifth mic terrorist, once again

Chorus

[Malik B]
Zigga zigga zigga tryin to get a grip but still slip, so lift me up
Ever since I was a pup I was designed to erupt
You get to know me, you poke me slowly, when caught puzzin
Some niggas thought they was, when of course they wasn't
Punked em wit a dozen of pellets all in they skelet
Transform, from the norm, start to brainstorm
Yeah Malik B from The Roots, he ain't gone
I took the wrong exit, the sign said Langhorne
I'm trapped up in about five worlds with live pearls
Shouts to Armour Akquan whose name is Jalil
The moat is deep water so let your hand expand it
Demanding, takin you back like Knotts Landing
I'm Ralph Kramden, we out, you'll see in Hampton
Yo what the what the what the, what the what the what the
Pivot on this concrete earth until I rot
Didn't figure how to conquer it yet but still I plot, once again

Chorus

[Dice Raw]
Beans passed the Mac and we held em, like hostages
Rappers see me, hide they face like ostriches
Dice'll grind your brain into little sausages
Underwater rap, you know who the bosses is
North Philly baby, that's where that Raw shit is
You'll get blown out the sky once shit get talkative
A-D devise rise, I fathered it
So when you see me on the street, don't bother kid
Just be on your merry way, or you might get slit
Ask around, wondering what Dice Raw did
Lay you on floors like ya getting carpeted
You need a special kind of mic for retarded kids
Me against you's like Kane verse the Partridges
You wanna battle, change your name to The Forfeiters
Cuz that's what you do, face to face wit raw niggas
I give you a bad case of the fucked-up jitters, once again

Chorus

[Beanie Sigel]
They used to talk shit, but I'ma quiet them
Kick in the door wit my boys stick to rioting
First nigga that flinch, I'mma fire em
Tape em up, grip his hands, and plier em
Know the bricks is in here, where you hiding em?
Don't die in the shit that you lying in
Used to get fronted bricks, now I'm buying em
Used to cop off my man, now I'm supplying him
Paid the front row seat watching Iverson
First class air crafts what I'm flying in
To L.A., Shaq, Eddie, Kobe Bryant and them
Save the jokes for Chris Tucker, Richard Pryor and them
Used to shotgun in cars, now I'm driving em
Used to hustle 'round bars, y'all was robbing them
Ran up in y'all spot wit Rob and them
Grew up, two-four, wit Pie and em
But do my dirt, 21st, wit Kyle and them
Nigga Pop, nigga Buzz, little Mark and them
Brother news, nigga schooled Marley Park and them
Nigga jump, pull a pump, low sparking em
I know shit right now getting dark to them
Tore they body all up, ain't no chalking em
Too sharp for them, move out in the dark on em
These Illadel foul streets what I'm stomping in once again

Chorus

[Scratch outro](Chorus):
Back when rappers could rap that’s the age I miss
Used a roots instrumental just to pay homage
Notebooks black thoughts ain’t a page I miss
I see all the bullshit wanna I raise my fist
Raise my fist, Raise my fist
It’s me against the world there’s no way I quit
You try to lock me in a cage, so this cage I ripped
Pipe dreams in my brain you can’t fade my bliss…

(Verse 1):
You said I didn’t have flow, I hope, you with it now
Bcuz I do, But I just choose to strip it down
That way it allows, you to see the pictures when I’m paintin’ em
So you can worry about what I’m sayin’ not how I’m sayin’ it
Rakim said it, don’t sweat the technique but I sweat it
You indebted to the 4 years I put into this craft that’s dead it’s
It’s a fact these rappers don’t got half that technic
-al skill I put in before I even asked that I step in
The studio, I said you indebted I don’t mean debit
Talkin’ to you record execs I want my cashback credit
I gotta pile a classics in my backpack ready
For when I blow overnight I’m on the fasttrack steady
Anthologies locked away how I work it’s berserk
Hate me cuz I speak out against shit, with my merciless words
Mind of a veteran like ptsd nervousness worse
Think of the hurt of the earth, assertin’ my turf

(Chorus):

(Verse 2):
I’m bout to lay the new foundation rockin’ the stage
As I keep searchin’ my lost heartbeat for pockets of change
Rhyme schemes spill with ease in my talkative rage
On the page, been doin’ this since I was crawlin’ a maze
I rap till I blow a lung out, ain’t not sleep if I don’t finish
I get on the beat and rip it, So smooth they would think I’m trippin’
Macbook explodes with rap documents too many I don’t think I can fit em
Bleed anger like horny-toad lizard, cold sweat drippin
Plip plup on the stage wood, I ain’t like my friends emotions ain’t hidden, but they get turned off by honesty, So I’m mic grippin
I shit on your freestyles with my nice written
The system ain’t right all these rappers be ice fishin’
Reign is on the radio, unannounced hail snow
Punchlines blow up from mines of the underground railroad
You said I am not the best, so I’m back with the rage
Shovin’ Neanderthal rappers right back in the caves

(Chorus):

(Verse 3):
16 on the scene I come out with a bang
I don’t wanna fit in like Gandhi pushed outta the train
Man the way I be displayin’ these lyrics it’s like an exhibition
I got 30 raps that would fit in the top 10 ever written
I just wanna leave my mark in the sands of time what I do on earth
And be happy with the eternal wormhole of the universe
I gotta save the human race so I must kill these
Wack poets cuz to me, they nothin’ but Lil B
Ok you want me some stream of consciousness raps then
That’s when, every hot rapper list goes in the trash bin
And I spit over used beats with twice as much passion
Oh and did I forget to mention that they were classics
Got my math class raps out for you X factor actors
Ten thousand hours down for this craft that I mastered
Deflatin’ classism and modern naziism
Enter indigo fields of my ajna chakra gandhiism
Breakin’ nike shirts with polyrhythms, we naughty gremlins
Ready to make an entrance robbin’ for the hoods and shock the system
Burnt Orangutans fallin’ from canopy beds fighting now
If you want oxygen got some advice for you sign me now

(Outro):
Huh, So there it is
You find a rapper that can rap like that,  then you can compare em
But I don't wanna hear anyone, talking' bout skill, equating to sales (I see you Kanye, I see you)
Back when rappers could rap age I miss[Eminem]
It's shit like this I kick to these rich white kids
Who just might see how fucked up this sick life is
Ooops, I did it again didn't I? My shit's harder
To figure out than what Britney's tit size is
Oooh, I probably pissed you off again didn't I bitch
So what Christina Gaguilera kiss my grits
You know how many shits I give? I wish I did
So I can quit giving these twisted little kids ideas
*This just in, Britney just dissed Justin
She just fucked Ben, got tit fucked and dick sucked him*
If Affleck can get his ass licked, how come I can't?
Shit, goddamn, bitch, I'm rich I can't understand this
Are those pictures I made of us together on the internet
As close as I'm ever gonna get to hitting it from the back?
And shit when it comes to that I hit harder from the back
Than Everlast when he's plugging Lethal in his fucking ass
Just give me one more chance Britney hit me one more time
Let me know what's on your mind, Whitney give me one more line
To sniff, you fuckers know what time it is
Fuck your jewellery my record's almost diamond, BEEOTCH!

[Hook: Eminem] (x2)
What's going on in the world today?
People fighting, feuding, looting, it's okay
Let it go, let it flow, let the good times roll
Tell 'em Dre - It ain't nuttin' but music

[Bizarre]
Eminem doesn't like N'Sync, well I do
So fuck him, and the Backstreet Boys, too
Whatever happened to the cast of Different Strokes
Gary's broke, Todd's snorting coke, and Dana overdosed
I got two little boys wit me
Michael Jackson sent two helicopters to get me (HE! HE!)
I'm up early wit my hair curly
Me and Mr. Furly, fucking Laverne and Shirley!

[Kuniva]
A lot of rappers are living in la la land
That's why I let my dogs out on the Baha men
As bad as a life I had, I'm not mad
I don't need to be a Jackass to beat up my dad
My whole family's country, my grandmother's old fashioned
And she keeps asking me why I rap wit a honky
But granny I'm a flunky I could be a junkie
I could be hanging with the hoochies out at the club scene

[Kon Artis]
To all the independent women in the house! (OW!)
Show us your tits and shut your motherfucking mouth! (WHAT?!)

[Proof]
Robert Downey, Bobby Brownie, Whitney Houston
The shit's she's using (SNIFF!)
Jesse Jackson, reverend scandal
Got George Michael's, Tevin Campbell's
PeeWee Herman's, peep show places
Public restrooms, peep those cases!

[Hook]

[Swift]
Your mom and dad probably mad at us (for what?)
We done turned their kids into little body snatchers
Ain't like where I'm from, we don't bite our tongue
Are you sure you want niggas 21 to carry guns
It's sad but I'm glad that I'm made to rhyme
Where you work you ain't getting paid for that overtime
It's only music, media know it but they blind
I ain't in y'all life, so stay they hell up outta mine! (nigga)
Y'all the reason why Princess Diana ended up dying
If you people get offended I don't care (stop crying!)
Trying to get us to leave cause what we say just ain't clean (uh, uh)
But holding back on what I say just ain't me

[Kon Artis]
Now what's these parents all mad for? (Your music is bad for 'um)
For teenage kids that drink more than Ted Danson in Cheers
Carson drink beers, we all fart and piss and cuss out our bitch (SHUT UP!)
Broke or rich, I still do that same old shit
I don't jump in front of a camera and change no shit
So when they ask me about my sarcasticness
I just slap them, turn around and ask them this

[Hook][Black Thought - amidst ad libbing voices]
What the fuck, what what what?
Nuttin new, nuttin new..
What? Nuttin new.. check
Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new
I represent the legendary Fifth Dynasty crew
Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new
Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin, check shit out
It's nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new
Nuttin new, nuttin new...

Ghetto related with this hit the whole world awaited
Y'all Dorito-head cats that yak and stagnated
Black Thought, The Doug E. Most war vete-ran
Crown ruler, soul controller of this lyrical land
Spliff wizard kid, who is it?
Fifth Dinosaur Ghetto, beat detonator
Apex my level, NEXT, my complex pattern of speech is like sex
I mastered the art of makin you snap the necks
And Chase Manhattan endorse my mic checks
Upset, poet threat
Just collectin my debt, yo I'm overpaid in dues
Blood tears and sweat, when you fuckin with The Roots
That's as good as it get, Ultramagnet
We pull you in a Drag-net then brainwash your click
And extort your assets, then roadie all your homies
On some old school shit, Roots crew represent

[Dice Raw]
Life's a gamble, step up and place your bets
I drift through space, then make my escape on through the 'net
With CD's, cassettes, no C.O.D.'s or checks
Straight from the old school, aiyyo Raw's in full effect
I'm like, Lex Luthor with rifles filled with kryptonite
When you grip the mic it's like -- c'mon kids, let's say goodnight!
You don't like me?! But don't even know why should you hate me
You scared to face these so I still remain safely
Confidin, North Phil' where I'm residin
Never let an outside nigga slide in
This ain't home plate, I dunk on you once inside the paint
Flow like this you cain't, take me you out, you ain't!

[Black Thought]
Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new
Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new
Nuttin new, nuttin new, tell me what you could do
Yo we drop the funk, and do the shit

Yo, head lost, sippin this Lambic Framboise
Spittin it for like whoever demand the answer
What's the cure for this hip-hop cancer? Equivalent
To this avalanche of black snow, rap flow
To get my people thinkin mo', we at the brink of war
What does it all mean? What's it all for?
With knowledge of yourself, then you're through the first door
My people hungry and thirst for more next music explore
It's heavenly to your ebony daughter next door
So what you think The Roots get the world respect for?
The splendid authentic hip-hop that's raw core
Severe, world premier, a superior sophomore
No doubt, wherever you dwell, that's where the bomb fell
Explodin from the imperial en-sem-ble, for real
From the ven-ue to the avenue
We truly only got respect for a few, y'all ain't sayin nuttin new

[Black Thought]
Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new
Represent the legendary Fifth Dynasty crew
Roots crew comin through, tell me what you could do
Yo you lookin for me? Nah we lookin for you
Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new
Represent the legendary.. with nuttin to do
For you.. yo, lyrical one two
Blow up y'all, it's nuttin new, nuttin new

[Dice Raw]
Look at y'all you just a army ant, I'm a gi-ant, arm fist
King of my city, runnin this shit, just like a ty-rant
Y'all clowns know what I meant, that's if we at war
Then my henchmen, will be at your back door, uhh
WAITIN, wise at debatin; trippin over Legos
Runnin up the steps and lookin for a weapon
But you come out wavin a white flag; that's why
I just backslap that ass like Shaq did Ostertag
Either take me or be taken, you think I'm goin down?
PSYCH, the jury, they're still deliberatin
I got half of they kids, tied up in a basement
Nah I'm just playin yo but that's how I'm playin doe
Dig what I'm sayin yo? D-I-C-E
Shove a mic in your mouth, like Ted DiBiase
When you come sloppy, fuck is y'all tryin to do?
Y'all into, some wack shit, and ain't sayin nuttin new

[Black Thought]
Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new
Represent the legendary Fifth Dynasty crew
Roots crew comin through, tell me what you could do
One two, one two, yo.. we lookin for you
One two, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new
Represent, Fifty Dynasty crew
Check it out, what? Well one-two one-two, one-two
Knahmsayin yo? It's nuttin new
Nuttin new, nuttin new, y'all not sayin nuttin new
Represent the legendary.. Fifth Dynasty crew
Roots crew, tell me what you could do
You lookin for me.. we're lookin for.. one-two, one-two
Ha hah HAH! Y'all ain't sayin nuttin new
Wha-wha-one-two, one-two
Represent the legendary Fifth.. knahmsayin?
Blowin your vent, yo, content yo, it's like that[Intro: Sean Paul]
Certified quality
A dat da girl dem need and dem not stop cry without apology
Buck dem da right way – dat my policy
Sean Paul alongside – now hear what da man say – Beyonce
Dutty ya, dutty ya, dutty ya
Beyonce sing it now ya

[Hook: Beyonce]
Baby boy you stay on my mind
Fulfill my fantasies
I think about you all the time
I see you in my dreams
Baby boy not a day goes by
Without my fantasies
I think about you all the time
I see you in my dreams

[Verse 1: Beyonce]
Aah oh my baby's fly baby oh
Yes no hurt me so good baby oh
I'm so wrapped up in your love let me go
Let me breathe stay out my fantasies

[Verse 2: Sean Paul]
Ya ready gimme da ting dat ya ready get ya live
And tell me all about da tings that you will fantasize
I know you dig da way me step da way me make my stride
Follow your feelings baby girl b/c they cannot be denied
Come check me in-a night and make we get it amplified
Me have da ting to run da ship cause I'm go slip and I'm go slide
And in the words of love I got ta get it certified
But I give you da toughest longest kinda ride – girl


[Hook]

[Verse 3: Beyonce]
Picture us dancin real close
In a dark dark corner of a basement party
Every time I close my eyes
It's like everyone left but you and me
In our own little world
The music is the sun
The dance floor becomes the sea
Feels like true paradise to me

[Hook]

[Bridge: Beyonce]
Baby boy you stay on my mind
Baby boy you are so damn fine
Baby boy won't you be mine
Baby boy let's conceive an angel

[Sean Paul]
Top top – girl
Me and you together is a wrap – dat girl
Driving around da town in your drop top – girl
You no stop shock – girl
Little more da dutty, we'll rock dat world
Top top – girl
Me and you together is a wrap – dat girl
Driving around da town in your drop top – girl
You no stop shock – girl
Little more da dutty, we'll rock dat world

[Hook]

[Both]
We stepping in hotter this year
We stepping in hotter this year
I know you gon' like it
I know you gon' like it
I'm stepping in hotter this year
I'm stepping in hotter this year
So don't you fight it
So don't you fight it
[x2](This interview originally appears in Complex, but due to space constraints, we were unable to use the entire article. Because I know RapGenius fans are hardcore and want to know everything, not just the highlights, you're getting the full Director's Cut right here on RG. BIG UPS to Complex for believing in the piece, and giving a kid a shot. Enjoy!)


If we're being completely honest, you probably forgot about Scott Storch. Somewhere along the way you forgot he crafted some of the biggest songs in hip-hop and pop history. This was the guy who provided Dr. Dre with the chilly, instantly recognizable keys to the inescapable smash "Still D.R.E." But due to a fast lifestyle and an even faster climbing pile of debt, he became the guy producing underwhelming music for the likes of Paris Hilton and Brooke Hogan. The lackluster projects eventually took him out of the limelight altogether. Rick James once famously warned that "cocaine's a hell of a drug" and Storch now knows why.

Don't blame yourself for not keeping tabs on him though, Storch understands it was because he made some bad choices. You can Google those if you want, but don't place too much weight on the past. He's only looking forward now, concentrating only on regaining the respect and immense success he once held in the music industry. It's going to be a long journey back, but who doesn't love a good comeback story?

When we spoke to Storch at his Miami studio, there was lots of commotion—phones ringing and his employees asking him countless questions, yet he seemed, in a word, chill. His demeanor could have been attributed to whatever he was puffing on throughout our conversation. Nevertheless, he seemed eager to get his story out. We spoke about his new work with some of rap's biggest names, learning to separate work from play, his relationship with past collaborators, lessons learned, and what's next.


Duke London: First off, thanks for taking the time, I know you're a really busy guy right now. I think I speak for most people when I say it's great to have you back making music.

Scott Storch: My pleasure man, I appreciate that. It's been an interesting year. With these records I've been working on, normally from the start to when it's out, it takes a year. So I've just been collecting and putting stuff together, and hopefully it becomes like a domino effect.

Duke: Let's talk about one of those records right off the bat. "Mastermind", the new album from Rick Ross just dropped, and you produced the song "Supreme", which is getting rave reviews. Was that a beat you had already finished, or was it made just for Rozay?

SS: It was something that I had made specifically for him. I was in the middle of a Gucci Mane session, and Ross had stopped by to talk to Gucci about an upcoming video they were shooting, so I took advantage of the opportunity. We talked about me coming out to his house and bringing him some joints. So I went in for 3 or 4 days and made some exclusives tailor-made for him. I brought them to Ross and he recorded them all that night.

Duke: The "Supreme" beat is a perfect fit for him on that album, very soulful. Was that the first time you two had worked together?

SS: Directly, yeah. He's been on some of my records before, but those were cameos.

Duke: Hopefully we get to hear the other songs you guys worked on soon. You know what the plan is for those?

SS: Absolutely, he has other projects we're using those for. He pretty much took the whole lot of what I had made for him. Then I came through again, and he took all of those as well.

Duke: Not a bad day at the office.

SS: He's really just been a great supporter of mine in my return, if you want to call it that, to the industry.

Duke: What do two guys who have reached the highest levels of success in their craft talk about in the studio?

SS: Man, he told me some fascinating stories. Some interesting stuff that I hadn't even realized. Actually, you'll be the first person I even share this with. He was telling me, along with a few other people at his house, that years ago he was doing his first show in Miami where he got a real big check. He came out after the show, and I was in the parking lot behind the venue sitting in the back of my Maybach 62, which at the time wasn't even really out yet. He told me I opened the window and stuck out my hand with a bunch of ice on it, and he saw Paris Hilton sitting next to me. That's how I was introduced to Rick Ross. He said at that very moment, he got the vision for what would eventually become Maybach Music.

Duke: Whoa.

SS: To him, it just captured the lifestyle. Gave him the drive and inspiration to build MMG.

Duke: It's wild to think that such a quick interaction can spark such a huge movement in Hip Hop, but sometimes that's all it takes. Considering you both spend a lot of time in Miami, can you remember any other times you guys linked up back then?

SS: Actually, yeah. I had forgotten about it, but I did him a favor and let him use my home, boat, cars, etc. to film some stuff. Later on I figured out that the picture where he's in the back of the Maybach looking out the window, was taken in my car.

Duke: That's really interesting, you unknowingly at the time really helped to grow this idea he had for what he wanted to do.

SS: It's cool because I was supportive to him back in the day, and he was there for me in a much greater way when I needed him.

Duke: Everything comes full circle.

SS: He told me now that everything is coming back, make sure I know who my real friends are, because everybody's going to come knocking again.

Duke: On the topic of real old friends, what's your relationship today with the guys from The Roots?

SS: My relationship with them is fine, although somewhat non-existent now. There's definitely mutual love and respect among us. I think they were slightly disappointed in me for a while for going so hard with the partying and not being able to control that. There's nothing wrong with having fun and getting crazy every now and then, but at the same time you have to be responsible and know when to turn it off.

Duke: Obviously hindsight is 20/20, but is it easier now for you to separate work from play?

SS: This Russian billionaire told me one time that every now and then it's good to roll around in the mud with the pigs, but when you're done, you take a shower and wash that shit off. I just wasn't washing it off, so I think that disappointed them a little bit and I lost their respect for a while.

Duke: Have they reached out since you've been back working?

SS: As soon as they started hearing I was working again and focused on my career and life, I started hearing shout outs from them on their show.

Duke: Back then, could you ever imagine that The Roots would eventually be the Tonight Show band?

SS: No, it's crazy. They've invited me to come perform with them a couple times recently, so I'll probably go do that. One of my dear friends, Richard Nichols, is still their manager to this day. He handled my career before it was even The Roots, and helped us cultivate the band. I've been talking to him more these days, and everybody's really happy right now.

Duke: Let's fast forward a little bit. Fat Joe is someone you've obviously shared tremendous amounts of success with. What was it like to get in the studio again and work after all this time?

SS: Awesome, we came away with some amazing stuff. I can't wait for everybody to hear it, it's definitely the epitome of what he and I do. We've worked together numerous times and never failed to make a hit record. Joe is like the Godfather of rappers, I'm telling you. Even at the "Mastermind" listening party we just did, rappers look at him like Don Corleone.

Duke: Even after all of his success, do you think he's a little bit slept on at the mainstream level?

SS: It's definitely a handicap being a Latino rapper, I can't even front, but he still overcame that because he's great.

Duke: Do you think you face extra challenges being a white producer?

SS: Absolutely. Within the hardcore Hip Hop community, yes. But I also had extra advantages too. Because I am white, I feel like certain opportunities were "thrown" to me through all of the people from the white community who prey on Hip Hop culture. Hip Hop is always what's the coolest, and people want to touch that. A lot of the Pop artists always want to get that stamp of approval and be down. So I was more approachable for those people.

Duke: In the past, you collaborated with a guy that probably experienced a lot of those same things you're talking about, referring to Eminem. Recently in another interview, you said that a young artist you'd been working with, Chris Webby, showed a lot of the same characteristics in studio as Em, as far as their work ethic and some of the ways they put their music together. Can you expand on that a little bit?

SS: Webby first reminded me of Marshall because they both wanted to go crazy and add sound effects throughout the music to add another layer. They were both meticulous about the details. Webby is super into the craft and really took pride in the music we were making. Chris is a really, really talented dude and he's still going to grow too. He's the closest thing I've seen to Eminem from a white dude.

Duke: Lyrically, he's a beast.

SS: His flow is crazy, his personality and vibe even remind me of Em.

Duke: What kind of track did you guys work on? For the most part, you've traditionally made a lot of club bangers, and even with all the buzz Webby's generated in the industry, he still hasn't had that certified club hit. So how did you mesh those two distinct styles?

SS: We did two records. One of them is the title track for his upcoming album, "Chemically Imbalanced". It's more of a serious record, real epic sounding, and has more of a focus on the lyrics. We did another one though, where I gave him what I thought was the closest thing to a Chris Webby record for the club, and that's more of a fun record. So we went to two opposite ends of the spectrum.

Duke: Do you think that's the missing link for him, is having that one massive club banger to introduce him to that group of Hip Hop fans?

SS: Psshh, he's not missing it now. He got it.

Duke: So you're working with everybody right now, from the up and comers to the heavyweights.

SS: Yeah, the work's been speaking for itself, I haven't really had to solicit myself out there too much. I had to hustle a little bit and show up at some studios, but it led to some really cool records I have coming out and when people hear those records, they want to be a part of my return. I've always taken it upon myself to be a pioneer or a leader, and create a different sound, not just go by what the radio is playing at the time. People are feeling that, and it's refreshing to hear that in the music again.

Duke: The real instrumentation has been lost on a lot the Hip Hop music from the past few years, so your timing couldn't be more perfect. Do you think people are ready for that type of music to thrive again?

SS: I just did a session with Pusha T, and he was saying that he feels like the musicality in music is coming back and I agree with him. My records are an example of that. I've always come from a place where I'm a keyboard player and I can't help it. Sometimes I even try to limit that aspect of it because I don't want it to go over people's heads or seem too mature. It still has to be raw, because that's what Hip Hop really is.

Duke: Pusha T seems like the perfect collaborator for you. He's always thrived on keyboard driven beats, whether they were from Kanye or the Neptunes, but he also represents what you're talking about with balancing the raw street culture aspects and the sophisticated sound. How do you keep that balance?

SS: My idea of the perfect balance is A Tribe Called Quest.

Duke: Do you think, as that type of record comes back to the forefront, that other artists will adapt?

SS: My only gripe with most of the Hip Hop that's been coming out in the past 4 or 5 years has been the direct result of labels not giving as much money to the artists for production. So the artist in turn doesn't want to spend as much money making the album. So instead of having a really amazing beat, they go to an unknown where they can take all the publishing and get the beat for $2,000 instead of $50,000 and still push out a lukewarm hit that has a short shelf life. The real shit is what lasts forever, and in addition to piracy, that's the problem with album sales. Things that are truly great will be timeless.

Duke: You know a thing or two about timeless records. Are you making music the same way you always have, or are you trying to adapt what you do best to what's working right now?

SS: I've always done that. Even though I think I'm a pioneer and I try to not do what everybody else is doing, there are parameters we have to work within. You have to sort of spoon-feed little elements people are used to, whether that means using familiar drum sounds, etc. But the meat of the record, or the nucleus, I always keep it Scott Storch. I had to learn all that trap shit, all those drums. Not necessarily to use them, but to know I'm not an old fart. It gave me more confidence in my own style, knowing I could make these new beats people are using if I wanted, I just choose not to.

Duke: You wanted to master them just to know that you could?

SS: How am I supposed to hold my head up and make a record that's a straight trap joint, just a bunch of high hats going and some cool drums with nothing else there? Anybody can do that. Jay Z always told me to do what it is that makes me special, and that's the piano.

Duke: You've also been dabbling into the EDM genre and making music in that realm recently. How are you applying what you know and do to that type of music?

SS: The chords and inversions of the chords are similar to what I do. I've had to take on a whole new formula for making music though and it's a different thought pattern. That music is very mathematical, and sonically it's kind of cool because the actual sounds you use are so unique and the EDM fans are really looking for that.

Duke: When did you get interested in EDM? How'd you decide you wanted to get involved and create something?

SS: To me it's always fun to take on music you're not experienced with because it's a challenge to learn it. It's fun and I enjoy doing it, but I'm not even going to front, with the whole financial structure of EDM, I'd be a fool not to get involved. I figure if I like it, and there's millions of dollars to make doing it, then why should I not do it?

Duke: When can the people get their hands on this music, and do you foresee yourself touring or performing it at all?

SS: I'm finalizing the paperwork on a tour right now, actually. I've got some teaser stuff out on Soundcloud now, and there's product coming. We're mixing everything down at this point.

Duke: When someone goes to see Scott Storch live, what can they expect to see?

SS: They can expect to see all original music. I'll be DJ-ing and playing keys at the same time. There's 3 or 4 times in my set where I do a mashup of my EDM tracks with some of my old Hip Hop and R&B records. There's a "Lean Back" one, a Chris Brown "Run It" remix.

Duke: That'll be dope to hear.

SS: People will definitely vibe out to that, which is important, just because I don't have those hits in the EDM world yet.

Duke: Do you think because you're not partying like you used to that you have all the extra time to do both projects right now, your EDM and all the Hip Hop placements you have coming out?

SS: I'll tell you what, it's crazy. I always tell people that it's almost like I graduated. If I want to go to a club in Miami, I can still get ushered into the VIP, girls everywhere and all that still to this day, and that's cool because sometimes you want to tap into that energy, feel yourself a little bit. But frankly, I don't give a shit about that stuff anymore. I go to functions that I have to go to, like if people I'm working with are there, just to stay visible and relevant, show people I'm still Scott Storch. But I'd so much rather just stay in the studio these days, I'm over all that. I'm more of the mindset that when it's time to celebrate, I'll... you know what? Dr. Dre and I had a conversation about this in the studio and I'll never forget it. He looked me dead in the eyes and said, "Scott there's 2 things that I know are going to happen every day. The sun is going to come up, and there'll be a party with bitches. That's never going to change." So I'm getting my work on and I'm not worried about any of that shit. That's where I'm at right now. I'd rather be making new hits then cut loose at the club. When I say I graduated, I mean that even in my prime, when I was working I felt like I was missing out on what was going on outside. I felt like I was working so much I never got a chance to enjoy the fruits of my labor. I don't feel like that anymore.

Duke: What's your relationship like with Dr. Dre now?

SS: I haven't spoken to Dre in a minute, but we're always family, we'll always be cool. Last time I hung with him was about a year ago, we got dinner at Katana in LA. Fat Joe was with us too. It's funny you ask that, because I was thinking 3 or 4 days ago that I should make a trip out to see Dre. His doors are always open to me, and he's given me a certain seniority among his creative circle in music. He tolerated so much bullshit for me in the past, but now that I'm actually focused and concentrating I know we'll make something great in the studio again together.

Duke: Maybe he was waiting for you to be back on your game to drop "Detox".

SS: Possibly. We had a record for it that was amazing. Jay got on it and we were all excited about it.

Duke: "Under Pressure" right?

SS: Yeah, but it leaked. Dre is strict about if something get's leaked, that's it. That was still a dark time for me, and I thought that record was going to catapult me back to the top, so it was hard. But the future is bright, and I'm sure there's another Dr. Dre and Scott Storch hit record in it.

Duke: So, going back to the EDM for a minute, what's your process now? How do you decide what you're working on, and when?

SS: I've been alternating and spending a week at a time or so on each. But going forward, my goal is to work on one Hip Hop record and one EDM record a night. I come in 5, 6 days a week. Really it's 7, but I didn't want to say that and make it seem like I have no life. It's cool though, because I need to stay on both and if I do it that way, it gives the two genres the chance to intertwine into each other, and there could be a hybrid that comes from that. Look, I may not be as rich as I used to be, but I'm richer in character and creativity than I used to be.

Duke: So do you think you're making better music than you were before?

SS: Shit, looking back, I made some cool tracks, but I feel like there's so much more inspiration in what I'm doing right now because of everything I've had to overcome, all that I fucked up for myself, and all that I have to prove to myself. All these things are a culmination of what is going into my new music. I'm going 3 times as hard. People, blogs, they all think I'm damaged goods or whatever people say. Everybody's in trouble.

Duke: What do you think you have left to prove?

SS: That I'm back, that I got my sanity, that I'm not a crackhead. I'll always have my work ethic and drive. I got a taste of the good life before, and I'm going to get it back, don't even worry about that. I'm making way better music now. I don't have one foot out the studio door thinking about some bitch I'm trying to see or whatever. I'm happy busting creative nuts now. Every time I finish a track now, I play it back and try to think what Dre or Jay would say about it, whether they'd like it or not. I'm excited to hear what they think of the "Supreme" record with Ross.

Duke: How do you quality check what you're making before it comes out?

SS: You have to set a bar, and not kiss your own ass by telling yourself that everything you make is great. You have to be really hard on yourself. You also have to be smart enough to not have a bunch of yes-men in your circle, so that when you use them as your test market, you have a real gauge on it.

Duke: So I'm guessing there's projects from that darker time in your life that you regret, or at least would have done differently?

SS: 100 percent, I had my head up my ass for a long time and unfortunately at a certain point I rode my success for a while and wasn't putting the work in that I should have been. There were a lot of projects that I could have given more of my all to. One example is that notorious story everybody tells where I left Janet Jackson in the studio for like 5 hours while I was out chasing tail or looking for weed or something. It's different now though, it is so hard out there that you really have to make a statement with your music.

Duke: I hate to close this out with something so cliche, but for someone who's accomplished so much in your field, is there even anything left unchecked on your Hip Hop bucket list?

SS: Yeah, I definitely want a hit record with Jay Z. He has his crew he works with, and I've floated around them a few times, Bleek with the "Murda Murda" joint, I co-produced "Hola Hovito" with Timbaland, and a couple other records. But 1-on-1, me and that dude are going to get a hit record. Just for the child in me that has to have it. Not just any song on an album, but a true hit that has its place in music history.[Intro]
[Pilot]
Los Angeles approach control
This is Cessna 0281-Echo-119.3, over
[Control]
Cessna 81-Echo, accept approach control, roger, go ahead
[Pilot]
Cessna 81-Echo is over the Compton Airport, 52 at 5,000
Requesting ground controlled approach to Los Angeles Airport, over
[Control]
81-Echo, Los Angeles approach control, roger
Radar identification; turn right, heading
0-3-0

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
I got mo' class than most of them, ran with the best of them
Forgave the less of 'em and blazed at the rest of them
What can I say? Cal-i-for-ni-a
Where niggas die every day over some shit they say
Disconnected from the streets forever
As long as I got a Beretta, nigga, I'm down for whateva
I roll with my shit off safety, for niggas that been hating me lately
And the bitches that wanna break me
If Cali blew up, I'd be in the Aftermath
Bumping gangsta rap shit, down to blast for cash
Cause from Eazy-E, to D.O.C., to D.P.G
Started from that S.O.B., D.R.E
Like Dub-C I'm rich rolling, pistol holding
Pockets swole nigga, that's how I'm rolling
Put the flame to the killer nigga
Worldwide homicide mob figure in the building, for real
I'm hitting switches, making bitches eat bitches
See me grab my dick every time I pose for pictures
I own acres, floor seats watching The Lakers
I'm cool with eses who got AK's in cases

[Hook]
Dedicated to all of those with big ego's
Never faking, we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo' and yank the Heezos
Niggas play this in their Rovers, Jeeps and Regals
Dedicated to all of those with big ego's
Never faking, we get the dough and live legal
Haters hate this, we sip the Mo' and yank the Heezos
Bitches play this in their Benzes, Jeeps and Geos

[Verse 2: Hittman]
I`ll bust a Mr.Toughy, slash a Smoovy Doovy
Crashin` Flex on Tuesday's, harassing hoes at movies
Passing by with Uzis, like who you aiming at?
That shady bitch and that bitch nigga that was claiming that
Rat-a-tat-tat
{*automatic gunfire and screaming, followed by tires peeling*}
I don't sympathize for wack hoes and wimpy guys
You gotta recognize Hittman is an enterprise
Cali pride, Bronson rider South Central-ised
The Henny got me energized, smoke the guys
Tryna focus on mines, poke they eyes out, I'm L.A.'s loc'est
Hope they don't have to find out the hard way
Like snitch niggas in the pen that get hit when the guards look the other way
We hitting hard - Hittman and Dre
You playing games? I suggest you know the rules
We putting guns to fools, make you run yo jewels
Take yo honey and cruise to the Snooty & snooze, cop booze
Pop coochie 'til the nut oozes, you shouldn't fuck with crews
That's sick, The Aftermath is we rule shit
I'm Big Hit, don't confuse me with no other bout to blow, motherfucker

[Hook]

[Outro]
You look like AC Green, bitch don't call here anymore
With feet like Ben Vereen's, bitch don't call here anymore
No no, no no
[Hittman]
What up? It's Hittman
I ain't at the crib right now
So you can leave your name and number after the beep
Unless it's Tammie's ugly ass - I ain't fucking with you[Hook: Gucci Mane]
We smoking that fire endo
Wrist out the damn window
Lambo: they scream "Bingo!"
Enzo: they scream "Bingo!"
Phantom: they scream "Bingo!"
Concept: they scream "Bingo!"
Pull up, kid scream "Bingo!"
Your mama: scream "Bingo!"

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Hello, my watch yellow
Earrings on my bezel
Can’t fit in my schedule
'Less booty like Jello
She know I slang kilos
Shout out to my ‘migo
I call, he says "10-4"
Tight like Lamont Rollo
?Lago? for el gato
My house like a brothel
Fat hoes in Chicago
First class tomorrow
Bingo called my motto
Phantom with two models
Pull up tonight, stunt
Jump out the car, scream guapo

[Hook: Gucci Mane]

[Verse 2: Soulja Boy]
Pass by in my Lambo, kids screaming "Bingo"
Haters wanna hate, they’ll get shot like a free throw
Candy paint wet, dripping off my headlights
Catch me in the trap like some motherfuckin' dead mice
Every time I cut a corner kids screaming "Bingo!
Tools on deck, I ain't talking Home Depot!
Soulja Boy Tell Em: I’m icey as an icicle
So much money, bitch, I valet park my bicycle

[Hook: Gucci Mane]

[Verse 3: Waka Flocka Flame]
All the hood hoes point like "Bingo"
Waka Flocka; “Oh Let’s Do It” is the single
Let’s mingle, got hoes like Wingo
Our bitch a dime, yours looking like a cinco
Like a free throw, man I’m balling out
Blew a kiss to the girls, now they falling out
I pull up a T-top Cutlass like "Bingo"
My girlfriend Regal, same color as a flamingo

[Hook: Gucci Mane]Huh.. yea yea yea yea yea yea yea
Hah! Uhh, uhh, uhh
What, some more some more
Some more some more, niggas didn't want no more

[Verse One]
Now (now) ready for whylin my niggas
Let's set it like we on the Island my niggas
I'm with it (what what, wha what what)
Yo, my clique startle bitches
With a remarkable sparkle for my bitches with me
(What what, wha what what) You know we stay dumb
And keep shop runnin just the like a 24-hour deli
The way y'all niggas be poppin that shit you be talkin
Y'all niggas don't be nothin but a 24-hour celly
To talk that funny shit to someone you know
While I bag these bitches and take them to 24-hour tellys
Type of chickens to let me get in they belly
Little sexy thug bitches who want me to fuck them to Makeveli
Then get with my niggas and smoke up a ounce
Crowd up in whatever amounts, makin bitches skip to my bounce
So forever we be shinin like diamond
Fresher than the fragrance of limon
When we strike it's all in the timin
Corporate niggas bug on how we be stylin
Fuckin with huge contracts with wife-beaters on
On the day of the signin
Makin all my bitches check for this shit
My live niggas know the truth
That's why they always got respect for this shit

[Hook]
Bust one for me, Bladow!
All my niggas holdin they guns with me, Bladow!
And restin and stackin they ones with me, Bladow!
My peeps who hang around where I'm from with me, Bladow!
Who run with me, Bladow!
Bust one for me, Bladow!
My bitches that'll fuck til they cum with me, Bladow!
Whylin they be havin they fun with me, Bladow!
In the struggle they be beatin they drums with me, Bladow!
In the slums with me, Bladow!
Bust one for me, Bladow!

[Verse Two]
And now we mash y'all, harass y'all
Until the shit we doin pass y'all
You know we steadily readily give it to niggas
And blow up the spot for niggas fefore we do the dash y'all
Eh-eh-ey, eh-eh-ey-yo, ain't nuttin wrong til we perform
Y'all niggas know we bout to blast y'all (hah!)
Fast me and my niggas crash the party
Hit my niggas with shit and splash bitches before we flash y'all
Now whassup? All of my niggas salute
When we get busy give me my loot, or lay up in a box with a suit
Shit that I tell you will all be the truth
Stay on a live nigga recruit, and take y'all niggas back to the root
Tyin my laces all up in my boot
All the bitches say that I'm cute, blowin on it just like a flute
Now now now, before we blind y'all we shine and remind y'all
Shit we got be always one of a kind y'all
We constructin a new design y'all
Better keep up my niggas because you will get left behind y'all
Let us bust a bottle of wine now
And celebrate in the name of them niggas that control the times now
Now watch it, as we just pick up the pace
You just might a hole in your face
My crew might take a whole of the space
Completely, obligated just to keepin you dumbin
And get to breakin all the shit up in club once you know that we comin!
My bitches check for this shit
My live niggas know the truth
That's why they always got respect for this shit

[Hook]

[Outro]
Yeah
To all my niggas and all my bitches that just wanna live
Live good, feel good, yeah
Just bounce to this shit, c'mon, bounce to this shit
All my niggas and my bitches just bounce to this shit
C'mon, bounce to this shit
Yeah, Flipmode constantly
Enough of that[Intro: T-Pain and Snoop Dogg]
Boom!
Boom!
Yeah, top dog
Boom
Haha, uh

[Verse 1: Snoop]
Get your money, whip your hair
Executive branch blowing smoke like a player
Yeah in the club, yes it cracks
Cute little mama, but they stacked with backs
I’m smoking grape, purple urple
You in doggie world, come and join my circle
I break down herbal 'til I move like a turtle
My money is green, and my Porsche is turbo
In hot pursuit, come rock with Snoop
Baby's a lawyer, her body's the truth (Cute)
I’m in the game for real, it pays to chill
I walk in the club, and they front the bill
I’m the big dog, best beware
You coming with me, if you stop and stare
She'll be on my team, in my car
On the way to the spot, yes you are
Toasting up, hosting up
And when we done, we west coasting love
For shendo, blowing endo
How much for the dog in the window

Oh
Wh-what, wh-what?
Boom!
Boom!
Say what? Say what?
Boom!
Talk to 'em T-pain

[Hook: T-pain]
Baby I’m a dog! (I’m a dog!) Beware! (beware!)
I’ll do whatever, however I want! (I want!)
This one for y'all! (This one for y'all!) Oh yeah! (Oh yeah!)
Now put your hands in the air (now), whip your hair and go
La, la la la
Boom shakalaka when it drop, oh I'mma have her saying
La, la la la
One hitter quitter, shawty know the damn thing
Boom!

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
I'm all about the money, the money I got
On the V.I.P. tip, Maserati's in the lot
Chilling with the stars, where the bottles never stop
Got a model on my lap, baby show me what you got
With a cup of Landy, Tiffany and Sandy
Girls who like girls, wanna do it to daddy
Real talk, tha suites is next
One more drink gonna lead to sex
These girls is bad, the floor is packed
They shut the door down when it reach the max
Whatchu tryna drink? Clear or 'gnac?
She got a apple-bottom homie, all I do is mack
I does it well, your game is wack
I gets to the business, no chit-chat
Now where do we go? I beast the gush
She in love with the gangster, that's whassup

That's whassup!
Boom!
That's whassup!
Boom!
That's whassup!
Boom
Spit to 'em T-Pain

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Boom shakalaka, here comes the chief rocka
Smoke good with T-Pain, and Snoop the weed doctor
Big 808, now feel the base in your chakra
And watch me smoke like a shotta'
Coke bottle shape, light green eyes
Drunk off of love like a Colt 45
I keep kush in my lungs, I'mma smoke 'til I die
Just bust a bad one, for my homie D. Dimes
They do it for fortune, some for fame
I got five different strains, you ever taste Purple Rain?
Turn up the volume, adjust the game
Ain't a damn thing change, still a G-thang
Lil' mama whip your hair, exhale the chronic
As the smoke disappears, I'm ready to bowl
Your girl on my team, and she ready to fall
And if you didn't know, I'm the big Snoop Dogg

Boom!
Say what? Say what?
Boom!
I don't think they heard you
Boom
Talk to 'em T-Pain

[Hook]Woman: Ya baby
Snoop: Ya playa
Woman: Ya baby
Snoop: That's some real pimp shit right here
Snoop: These bitches is outta line man
Man: What's the matter dog you can't control your bitches?
Snoop: Check this out man

(chorus: kokane)
I got bitches all in my game that don't even know my name
Then pump your brakes, you hoes
Biotch!
You could talk all day behind my back, but won't say shit in my face
Then pump your brakes, you hoes
Biotch!
You are the one, you are the one
You are the one, you are the one, you are the one, whooo
You are sexy, sexy, sexy, you are so sexy
You are the one, you are the one
You are the one, you are the one, you are the one, whoo-oo
You are sexy, sexy, sexy, hmmm

[Snoop]
Carla, Darla, Charlene and Camina
Tereka and Erika, they love to take care of a
Real motherfucker from the DPG
Keesha, Resha, Tammy and Renesha
I appreciate the way y'all skate
When the clock hit eight
Now April and Kate
Y'all be doin' too much
Running your mouths
Fuckin shit up, you gotta get up
Cus I done had enough
Getting sick and tired of the same stuff
You told Kamil and she told Karla
And she told April and now they all know
But I could give a fuck 'cus all y'all my hoes
So, all that confronting the real nigga on site
Today is today, last night was last night
As I leaned with my hand on my balls
I had to really check these bitches and tell 'em like this dog

(chorus)

[Snoop]
Nina do this and Tina do that
Sabrina, Sakina, nigga them all my hood rats
Back in the days when I was on the block
At an early age man
I was on the cock
Non-stop, I beat it up and tell that bitch to get going
(They be like hot butter on a breakfast toast)
Hollarin' out, poppin' a collar out
And talkin' shit on the phone to me at my baby-mama's house
(who's she?) Look here bitch do you know who the fuck I am
You better read your motherfuckin' press telegram
You remind me of this bitch that used to work for me
Had to cut the bitch up 'cus she tried to get too close to me
And tried to confront me at a club one night
Fuckin' with her friend, a fake bitch (Is that right?)
But you know I had to stop and I paused
And I put my hand on my balls and said check this out, dog

(chorus)

[Snoop]
I got my own spot and I got my own keys
So can't no bitch talk shit to me
Like Kiki did me, bitch changed the locks
And kicked me up outta spot
I learned a lesson, I wasn't guessin' or stressin'
I got another bitch and she was at the convalescent home
She said she needed a companion
Shit I needed a chaperone plus a new home
Snap, crack, it's on
But in no time at all seems she fell in love
But I wasn't ready for that
Topcat had to scat
I hit her friend from the back
While she was at work workin'
I was jerkin' that skirt
And fuckin with all her friends that was flirtin'
And when she found out she told me that that shit hurt (boo-hoo)
A week later she fucked my homeboy Kurt
Bitch you a'int shit but dirt for dirt (biotch!)

(chorus x2)

(shoop)
This is a sexy bitch

{*Music fades out*}[Mos Def] (Faith Evans) {other person}
Woo, Ah, Official, Official, Ah, {Oh oh oh oh oh}
Brown Sugar, Faith Evans, Big Mos {Oh oh oh oh, OH} (Wha what)
Brooklyn is in the building, hell we own the building (Wha What)
Heh, y'all just payin' rent, see I'm sayin'? {Oh oh oh oh oh, Oh oh oh oh oh}

[Verse 1]
Listen, now honey check it out ya got me mesmerized
With your black hair and your fat ass thighs
It's the way I hold it down to make my nature rise
You got me in the boutiques pickin' out your size
You make the push and I can't get it out my mind
It's that body I can't get it out my mind
Give it up ma, know it that you're down to ride
Hit the dance floor and bounce your hide
You got to bounce with mine
And let me know when your down to slide
I tell Ad to swing around to ride
Let's show you how I grind
I make it splash like a thousand times
I'm like the stars fallin out the sky, Big Mos
Flaco make your waist get coast
Make your green get smoke
Make your cat get stroke
Me and Pha make the track get dope
We stay settin' pace in the race now let's go

[Hook: Faith Evans] {other person}
Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Brown Sugar)
Come on baby won't cha give it to me?{Oh oh oh oh oh} (Yeah yeah)
Make it hot like it's supposed to be {Oh oh oh oh oh} (comin' Brown Sugar)
Brown Sugar baby give it to me {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Yeah yeah)
Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Oooh Brown Sugar)
Come on baby won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Yeah yeah)
Make it hot like it's supposed to be {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Brown Sugar)
Brown Sugar baby give it to me {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Hey yeah yeah eh)

[Verse 2]
It's like one, two, three, into the fo'
Brooklyn is runnin' the show, let em know
Former scramblers, my gamblers
My dirty money handlers, my jugulars
My hustlers, professional or amateur, woo (Give it to me)
C'mon (Give it to me)
I said what? (Give it to me)
Uh (Give it to me)
Uh, I got to get it all
You got to get involved
You ain't got it to give
You gotta get along (Give it to me)
C'mon (Give it to me)
I said what? (Give it to me)
Uh (Give it to me)
Yeah, and if you holdin' it
I make you let go of it
And I'm a get it
'Till my getting things is over with (Uh huh)
And why not love?
Look what you got love
You get me all charged up
Expect me to stop what? (Oh yeah)
C'mon mami, why you playin' with me?
Fix your face while your waist face say it with me (What it is, oooh)

[Hook: Faith Evans] {other person}
Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh}
Come on baby won't cha give it to me?{Oh oh oh oh oh} (Ooooooh)
Make it hot like it's supposed to be {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Uh, it's that Brown Sugar)
Brown Sugar baby give it to me {Oh oh oh oh oh}
Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Ah Yeah yeah)
Come on baby won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Ah ah)
Make it hot like it's supposed to be {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Yeah rock out that Brown Sugar ah)
Brown Sugar baby give it to me {Oh oh oh oh oh}

[Mos Def (Faith Evans)]
(Give it to me) Hah
(Give it to me) Yeah
(Give it to me, Give it to me) (Uh huh)
(Oooh Yeah) C'mon
(Give it to me, Give it to me) Hah
(Give it to me, Give it to me) My call right here
(Ooooh Yeah) My call comin' up right here (Oooh Yeah Yeah Yeah)
Yeah Faith let em know (It's unbelievable what Brown Sugar does to me)
Haha, yeah (It's unbelievable what Brown Sugar does to me) (What it is)
Yes Indeed (What it is, what it is now)
What it is, what it, what it is now (What it is, what it is now)
(That's what it is) (Brown Sugar) (What it is, what it is now)
Uh (What it is, what it is now) sing ya steppin' (Gimme my Brown Sugar) Ah

[Hook: Faith Evans] {other person}
Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh}
Come on baby won't cha give it to me?{Oh oh oh oh oh} (Oooh Yeah)
Make it hot like it's supposed to be {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Oh Yeah)
Brown Sugar baby give it to me {Oh oh oh oh oh} (And make it, and make it hot for me)
Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh}
Come on baby won't cha give it to me? {Oh oh oh oh oh}
Make it hot like it's supposed to be {Oh oh oh oh oh} (Oooh, Brown Sugar Baby)
Brown Sugar baby give it to me {Oh oh oh oh oh}
Brown Sugar won't cha give it to me? (Give it to me)
Come on baby won't cha give it to me? (Eeee)
Make it hot like it's supposed to be
Brown Sugar baby give it to me (Got to make it hot for me)[Jamie Foxx - singing]
La la lahh, la la la la la la la lahh

[50 Cent - talking]
Yeah, uh huh, I like the way that feel

[Hook - 50 Cent]
I'll build you, but if ever I fall down
And I need you to pick me up
Promise me, you'll be around
Hold me down, I'll build you up

[50 Cent - Verse 1]
Listen, if you let me, I'll be the reason you shine
It's the secret, I want the world to know that you're mine
But on some real shit, communications could be better
So I'm writing this song instead of a love letter
They gon' play it on the radio a hundred times a day
I figure when you hear it you gon' stop and think of me
I wanna get to know you, and be the reason you smile
Girl you know where I'm from, you know how I get down
When times get tough, tell me that I'm special
Not rap, I mean me, that I'm special
You know they say diamonds are a girl's best friend
Precious stones, could you put me before them?
If so, I'll see to it they always around
Nothing but the best, now how does that sound?
If I drop a jewel when we talk you can keep it
Girl you on my mind all the time, that's a secret (shhh...)

[Jamie Foxx - Hook]
Baby I build you up
Girl, if I, never show, I'd have you by my side
Oooohhhooohhh yeah
I'd build you up
Girl I, need to know for sure you're mine
I need to know for sure, right now
Girl, if I, never show, I'd have you by my side
I'd build you up
Girl I, need to know for sure you're mine

[50 Cent - Verse 2]
I thinkin' 'bout you thinkin' that you feel the same way
Or is it just my imagination that get runnin' away?
If you ready to ride, girl, c'mon, let's roll
G-5-5 fly, ma, let's go
It's hard to measure the pleasure of havin' you in my presence
Your smile makes me smile, I'll show you my style
You can shop a little bit, I'll pick out some shit
One pair at a time 'til your shoe game sick
Now who knows what the future holds we'll be together probably
For better or worse, like Whitney & Bobby
If you wanna play house, we can play house then
But wait, why pretend when you can move in?
Before I be your buddy in bed let me be your best friend
Girl, it's more than lust, I want your trust
You keep it real with me, I keep it real with you
Cause I know with you by my side there's nothing I can't do, yeah

[Jamie Foxx - Hook]
Baby, girl, if I, never show, I'd have you by my side
I'd build you up
Oooohhhooohhh
Girl I, need to know for sure you're mine
Build you up, baby, when you're down
Cuz your smile, like a frown, yes I will
I'm gon build you up baby
La la lahh, la la la la la la la lahh [repeat 8x][Scott Storch]
What you thought, I was just gonna sit back and let shit ride?
Timothy... shit ain't sweet, you can't talk shit about a boss
Keep my name out ya mouth
Scott Storch... pussy

I'm the piano man (yes), the piano man
Few hun'ed million and I'm headed for a billion
You's a steroid man, so pathetic man
I coulda played you but I tried to be the better man
Ya boy Danja gotta hate you with a passion, man
He makes the hits while you takin' all the credit, damn (damn)
I know the feelin' I'm witcha
Won't you tell 'em how I made that shit "Cry Me A River"?
But you try to lose weight, try to gain some respect
Still ain't lose that pack of franks out the back of ya neck (haha!)
What's funny, my dude, is I just signed Maganoo
For ten bucks and he told me he was mad at you
I ain't no pussy, dawg, I'm gettin' at you
Why you bitchin'? Who beatjacked who?
Jimmy fronted you Nelly to get his money back
Cuz everything you sign to Beat Club is fuckin' wack

[Hook - Nox]
You ain't gangsta, don't push me
You ain't got a pass in the hood to talk shit like that
You ain't a killa, you's a producer
Better keep his name out ya mouth
You ain't built like dat
(Keep my name out ya mouth)
(Keep my name out ya mouth)
(Keep my name out ya mouth)
You ain't built like dat
(Keep my name out ya mouth)
(Keep my name out ya mouth)
(Keep my name out ya mouth)
You ain't built like dat

[Nox]
I'm about a minute and a half from hurtin' ya whole staff
By the way, I heard you like to get it up ya ass
And I know who doin' the fuckin', but I ain't sayin' nothin'
What goes around can't come back around when I'm bussin'
Five hun'ed a track, where ya Bugatti at?
Homie you ain't built like dat, so lean back
And Danjahandz made 'em for you, I give him dat
But I gotta give you this, for talkin' like a bitch
My nigga had Grammys before y'all settle with that whip
Couple days later he got rid of that piece of shit
I give a fuck if you rich, to me you still a fag
Them popcorn beats ain't street, they in drag
Come see me in north Philly, I make that ass strip
Now you can sample drum rolls from my banana clip (brrraa!)
I had that ass runnin', screamin' "I'm so gold"
Cuz NOX done made ya icebox hot as a stove

[Hook - Nox]
You ain't gangsta, don't push me
You ain't got a pass in the hood to talk shit like that
You ain't a killa, you's a producer
Better keep his name out ya mouth
You ain't built like dat
(Keep my name out ya mouth)
(Keep my name out ya mouth)
(Keep my name out ya mouth)
You ain't built like dat
(Keep my name out ya mouth)
(Keep my name out ya mouth)
(Keep my name out ya mouth)
You ain't built like dat

[Nox]
Holla at 'em

[Scott Storch]
Know you goin' for that bullshit in them interviews talkin' shit about me

[Nox]
Fake ass, don't apologize, nigga

[Scott Storch]
You can't even fuckin' make ya damn label work
Shit ain't sell ever for you (damn)
Them motherfuckers give you an artist
You ain't Dr. Dre, you don't know how to pick talent (no)
Or know how to sell records, or even make your own fuckin' beat
And you can't rap
Fuck outta here
And try to perpetuate this little bullshit
And give you any more attention than you deserve

[Nox]
We know that ain't you on that motherfuckin' icebox record, nigga
(haha)
Fake ass motherfuckers[Intro: 50 Cent]
Yeah
Uh huh
So seductive

[Hook]
[50 Cent]
I'll take you to the candy shop
I'll let you lick the lollipop
Go ahead girl, don't you stop
Keep going til you hit the spot, whoaa

[Olivia]
I'll take you to the candy shop
Boy, one taste what I got
I'll have you spending all you got
Keep going til you hit the spot, whoaa

[Verse 1: 50 Cent]
You could have it your way, how do you want it?
You gonna back that thing up or should I push up on it?
Temperature rising, ok, let's go to the next level
Dance floor jam packed, hot as a tea kettle
I break it down for you now, baby it's simple
If you be a nympho, I be a nympho
In the hotel or in the back of the rental
On the beach or in the park, it's whatever you into
Got the magic stick, I'm the love doctor
Have your friends teasing you about how sprung I got you
When you show me what you working baby, no problem
Get on top, get your bounce around like a low rider
I'm a seasoned vet, when it come to this shit
After you work up a sweat, you could play with the stick
I'm trying to explain baby, the best way I can
I melt in your mouth girl, not in your hand (uh huh)

[Hook]

[Hook - 50 Cent]

[Bridge: 50 Cent (Olivia)]
Girl what we do (what we do)
And where we do (and where we do)
The things we do (things we do)
Are just between me and you, yea (oh yeah, yea)

[Verse 2: 50 Cent]
Give it to me baby, nice and slow
Climb on top, ride like you in a rodeo
You ain't never heard a sound like this before
Cause I ain't never put it down like this
Soon as I come through the door, she kept pulling on my zipper
It's like a race, who can get undressed quicker
Isn't it ironic, how erotic it is to watch her in thongs
Had me thinking about that ass after I'm gone
I touched the right spot at the right time
Lights on or lights off, she like it from behind
So seductive, you should see the way she whine
Her hips in slow mo on the floor when we grind
Long as she ain't stopping, homie, and I ain't stopping
Dripping wet with sweat, man it's on and popping
All my champagne campaign, bottle after bottle, it's on
And we gonna sip that heavy bubble man, every bottle is gone

[Hook][Intro: Nas]
Yeah, niggas want to talk about this rap shit
Niggas want to talk about this money
About these cars, these homes, these labels
Clothes, sneakers, big money shit
Now everybody trying to get rich
Now get rich niggas, fuck it

[Verse 1: Nas]
Some rap pioneers, be them crackheads
When they speak, you see missin' teeth
Silver chain with a silver piece
Niggas your grandfather's age
They pants still hangin' down they legs talkin' about they ain't paid
And they hate you, cause they say, you ain't pay dues
And Slyvia Robinson was stealin' and robbin' them
I feel it's a problem we gotta resolve
Hip-Hop been dead, we the reason it died
Wasn't Sylvia's fault or because MC's skills are lost
It's because we can't see ourselves as the boss
Deep-rooted through slavery, self-hatred
The Jewish stick together, friends in high places
We on some low level shit
We don't want niggas to ever win
See, everybody got a label
Everybody's a rapper but few flow fatal
It's fucked up, it all started from two turntables

[Hook: Nas]
When they crown you - and you rise up to your position
+Carry On Tradition+
When they knight you - then you go to fight, go to war, don't petition
+Carry On Tradition+ - +Carry On Tradition+
Carry on, ca-carry on, +Carry On tradition+
+Carry On Tradition+, when you rep what we rep
Then +Carry On Tradition+

[Verse 2: Nas]
Now some of these new rappers got their caps flipped backwards
Wit their fingers intertwined in some gang-sign madness
I got an exam, let's see if y'all pass it
Let's see who can quote a Daddy Kane line the fastest
Some of you new rappers, I don't understand your code
You have your man shoot you, like in that Sopranos episode
Do anythin' to get in the game, mixtapes, you spit hate
Against bosses; hungry fucks are moraless
You should be tossed in a pit full of unfortunate vocalists
Niggas, I coulda wrote your shit; I had off-time, was bored wit this
I coulda made my double-LP, just by samplin' different parts of Nautilus
Still came five on the charts with zero audience
The lane was open and y'all was droppin' that garbage shit
Y'all got awards for your bricks - it got good to ya
You started tellin' them bigger dogs to call it quits?! WHAT?

[Hook: Nas]
When they crown you - and you rise up to your position
+Carry On Tradition+
When they knight you - then you go to fight, go to war, don't petition
+Carry On Tradition+ - +Carry On Tradition+
Carry on, ca-carry on, +Carry On tradition+
+Carry On Tradition+, when you rep what we rep
Then +Carry On Tradition+

[Verse 3: Nas]
Now niggas got the studio poppin', it's mad clearer
Engineers got his earplugs and still hear us
The live-in-the-park sound, versus the studio state of art sound
We on the charts now; from British Walkers and Argyles
Look at us rap stars now, wit our black cars now
Fortune 500 listed, brunches, sip Cipriani's
Sippin', blunted, with rich white guys around me
Thick white girls around me, Chinese lined up
Because I'm what?, every dime lust
We used to be a ghetto secret; can't make my mind up
If I want that or the whole world to peep it
Now +Carry On tradition+
Fuck a bum wack rapper makin' his career out of dissin'
Peace to the strugglin' artists and dead one's gone, we miss 'em
I promise I +Carry On tradition+

[Hook: Nas]
When they crown you - and you rise up to your position
+Carry On Tradition+
When they knight you - then you go to fight, go to war, don't petition
+Carry On Tradition+ - +Carry On Tradition+
Carry on, ca-carry on, +Carry On tradition+
+Carry On Tradition+, when you rep what we rep
Then +Carry On Tradition+[Verse 1]
I'm on the edge, one step and I'll be over
Unless I take those 12 steps, aimed at gettin sober
That's the shit I told myself I'll handle when I'm older
And now I'm older and still got this devil on my shoulder
Bottle up my problems, like prescriptions I'm poppin
All the liquor that I find myself drinkin so often
Now these cards are dealt, told myself I don't need help
Numb myself to everything, and keep on runnin from myself

[Hook]
Let's drink away the pain
Let's make another toast
Let's smoke another blunt
Until it's just a roach
And pop another pill
And drop another dose
I haven't lost it yet
But now I'm coming close

I'm just chemically imbalanced (On that shit)
I'm just chemically imbalanced (Lost my grip)
I'm just chemically imbalanced (One way trip)
And now it's too late for turnin back (x5)

[Verse 2]
Left here to battle this addictive personality
That's got me living in this alternate reality
Losing touch with what is real ever so gradually
Cause at this point I need these chemicals to balance me
It's like I'm following a blueprint that the devil made
Since I first took my Ritalin in the 7th grade
The doctor gave me 60 milligrams, just a kid
Barely weighed a buck, it's like they used me as their guinea pig
Crazy teen, medicated ADD
Doctor said take only 1, but you know I was taking 3
Blazin tree and skippin class, getting drunk and missin math
Bangin chicks without a rubber, crushin pills up on the desk
Chemically imbalanced in this motherfucker, startin shit
Still I was a smart kid, got myself a scholarship
Private schools with it,  button-downs with the dockers
And the JanSport full of weed stuffed into my locker

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
See I was blacking out weekly, livin on repeat
Still in highschool but the teachers could never reach me
Always was the fuck up with a chip on my shoulder
And a pocket full of anything to keep me from sober
See I was livin like there's no tomorrow
Chewin on a xany bar, rollin up the window smokin blunts up in family car
Bottles to the head, got detention on the reg
Never listenin to what my parents said
I was always rollin with an ounce or two
Everytime I'm bouncin through
Flippin everybody off like Shady taught me how to do
Always thinkin that the more we burnin, the merrier
Just a kid from middle-class suburban America
And so many others like me, listen to me nightly
Happy that somebody else is feelin' what they might be
So Christian pop a pill, oh yeah I bet you will
Cause if that shit don't make your problems any less forreal

[Hook][Intro - Ja Rule]
Yeah, yeah.. haha yeah!
I gotta get my headphones
All my gangsta niggas is in the building on this one!
You know! Yeah yeah ya know
It's real!! Hussein what's happ'nin nigga?
I see you, aight Shadow what's poppin BLAT!
Haha haha, yeah my nigga O-1 in the motherfucking house
Jody in the house (Jody Mack!)
My nigga Cadillac, Gotti what up!
Blackchild what up!
I'd like to welcome all my niggas
To the world famous Murda Inc. Show
Big shout to all my Queens niggas in Staten Island
Niggas in Uptown, niggas in Brooklyn niggas
All my Bronx niggas yeah, all my Jersey niggas! you know?
We doing it real big right here! all my money niggas
This shit commentated on the one's and two's!
They call me the Mighty Rule! how ya living?
This real shit we talking
I wanna ask all my gangsta niggas a real question (holla back)
What do you do - when niggas spit at you?

[Hook - Ja Rule]
Clap back, we gon' clap back
We gon' clap back, we gon' clap back
(Let's take 'em to war niggas!)
We gon' clap back, we gon' clap back
We gon' clap back, we gon' clap back
(Let's take 'em to war niggas)
We gon' clap back, we gon' clap back
We gon' clap back, we gon' clap back
(Let's take 'em to war niggas!)
We gon' clap back, we gon' clap back
We gon' clap back, we gon' clap back
(Let's take 'em to war niggas)
We gon' clap back, we gon' clap back

[Verse 1 - Ja Rule]
Fuck if they holl'in about Rule nigga, here's the real
I'll pop ya top like Champagne bottles that chill
Wear nothing but ice, smiles tinted up to The Greatest
Tell em I'm nice too, plus push them nice coupes
The Inc roll like duece man, I'm ol' G Bobby J
And we slinging soccer fields of yay
They don't respect that, don't get your mind around
You'll get it pushed back, y'all don't want that
I send em to the morgue while keepin my bitches bouncin fa sho
"In Da Club" with no gun, got em taking it off
Can't help that, I'm the nigga that puts it down
Once I hit that, that's if I'm up in the Maybach
Fasten them holding the throwback, West 44 Lakers
Let's make no mistakes when these F's take place
We'll still proceed you with a gun in your face
When you got one in your waist, let's cock back nigga air out the space!
(C'mon!) We gon'

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Ja Rule]
The Rule be "In Da Club" rude motherfucker poppin the bubbly
When shit get ugly I hug the snub closely
But usually we still see your bitches
Dancin on some freak shit, trying to ride my dick
I can't handle it, lower their manners
To get they ass infront of my dick to dance, to B.I.G.'s "One More Chance"
Catching hate from a glance, but I'm a giant
These niggas is mere ants, I'll stomp 'em wit a shank
Give bitches the back hand, pimp shit, it's not realistic
The game is helpless, let's not get it twisted
I'm young, wrapped, and gifted, but still at the bottom
And stuck somewhere between Gomorrah and Saddam
I'm here to make this rap shit hotter than Harlem
Fuck the dog cause the werewolves is out the prowl
We'll still proceed you with a gun in your face
When you got one in your waist, let's cock back nigga air out the space!
(C'mon!) We gon'

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Ja Rule]
Like Bush and Saddam, I'm a find out
Where Em Laden's hiding and bomb him first
It could be much worse, I could be hotter than yo scrubs
Mask and glove, gun hot from burnin ass up
I'd rather be bossed up, wit a bunch of broads
The preachers daughter screaming out "Fuck the Lord!"
I may have struck a chord, wit the Christians
But y'all got the freakiest bitches out of all the religions
And God gave me his blessings to handle my business
All these wanksta snitches, let the nina blow kisses
If she some how misses, he gon' meet the mistress
And "Clap that boy" like Birdman and Clipse
I got these niggas all over my dick, like hoes
I'm the star at these shows, I must be as hot as they come
We'll still proceed you with a gun in your face
When you got one in your waist, let's cock back nigga air out the space!
(C'mon!) We gon'

[Hook]

[Outro]
[Ja Rule] Yeah, my nigga Zino in this motherfucker
[Benzino] That's how we do it, know what I mean
[Benzino] Buck '89 what's up baby, I see you
[Ja Rule] Break 'em down nigga! break 'em down!
[Benzino] Bring them birds, in the motherfucking house
[Benzino] It's not a game no mo'
[Ja Rule] Queens in this motherfucker
[Benzino] You know
[Ja Rule] All my Jersey niggas, all my Boston niggas
[Ja Rule] All my Brooklyn niggas, Brooklyn sir what up!
[Ja Rule] Haha, yeah, holla at me man[Verse 1]
See this ain't nothin that you used to
Out of the ordinary and unusual
You gotta have the mind state like I'm so great
And can't nobody do it like you do
Miraculous, phenomenal
And ain't nobody in here stoppin' you
Show no love, cause you's wassup
Look in the mirror, like what the fuck
Damn, I look good
And can't nobody freak it like I could
Yeah, okay, I got a little fat but
My shorty tell me he like it like that
I'm happy, another me there never can be
See, I'm so outstanding
Don't care if they can't stand me
I'm sittin on top of the world like Brandy

[Hook 1]
See I look too good for this necklace
And I look too good to be wearin' this
You know I look way too good to be innocent
I'm conceited, I got a reason
See I look too good to be drivin' that
And I look too good to be buyin' that
You know I look way too good to be tryin' that
I'm conceited, I got a reason

[Verse 2]
Now who's that peekin' in my window
Nobody cause I live in a penthouse
Baby I'm sorry, but I'm sexy
And all I want you to do is just bless me, let's see
This kid that I'm waitin' on
He said he love when my jeans look painted on
With this tight white tee, you ain't quite like me
Probably why I'm always gettin' hitted on
Now shorty tryin' to push up on me like a wonder bra
Listen when I speak, I wouldn't want you to take it wrong
Now, number one, I don't need you
Your name's Q, I only see "u" when I see you
Listen, two, you could never play me (why's that)
Cuz I'm such a fuckin' lady
Three, it's all about me
I don't wanna talk about it
If you'd like to hear it, here it go
I wrote a song about it

[Hook 2]
See I look too good to be fuckin' you
And I look too good to be lovin' you
You know I look way too good to be stuck with you
I'm conceited, I got a reason
See I look too good to be gettin whipped
And I look too good to be havin' kids
You know I look way too good to be in a crib
I'm conceited, I got a reason

[Verse 3]
Oh, I know what I'm doin'
I can't stop my body from movin'
I'm boppin' and poppin' to the music
He keeps watchin' me and he's about to lose it
I'm droppin' it hotter then the ?????
"Face Down, Ass Up," on some Luke shit
I'm outta control wit it, dip it low, pick it up slow
Poke it out, now roll wit it
My thong showin', but it's cool, my shoes go wit' it
Now all I need is a room wit a pole in it
See I look good and I'm knowin' it
And I was never too proud to be showin' it

[Hook 1]

[Hook 2][Ludacris]
Ha ha ha ha ha, yeah, ahhhh

[Hook: Jamie Foxx]
Sim-p-ly marvelous
(That's what you are, that's what you are, that's what you are)
More than outrageous (ooh ooh)
That's what you are
Beyond incredible, yeah yeah
(That's what you are, that's what you are, that's what you are)
Now that's contagious (ooh ooh)
Ooooh that's what you are (hey)

[Ludacris]
Luda! I must admit that you are truly somethin special
So hop up in my vessel, let's wrestle like I'm The Rock (Rock)
Deep in your ocean I'mma find your buried treasure
So hop up on the dresser, throw your legs up to the top (top)
Stretch it out like calisthenics
Bet it that Luda wet it and get it and have somebody call the medic (medic!)
My head is in the right direction
My quarter's in your jukebox, girl you are my #1 selection
I play you over and over, put your head on my shoulder
Slide down and give me head in the Rover (Rover)
And I'm a soldier, see it ain't no limits to the things we could do
And I made this record for you
So that we could break it down to the nitty-gritty one time
And when it comes to the sexin I get busy with mine
So you get busy with yours, I guess we destined to see
Baby girl, you are destined to be

[Hook]

[Ludacris]
Yeah, uhh
Uh, so supernatural, wonderful and miraculous
You got me buggin off yo' attractiveness like WHOA (whoa)
So precise, so fine in yo' position
That my unanimous decision is to never say no (no)
You got me strung like a guitar
Playin the sweetest melody is definitely heavenly by far (far)
Further than the moon - and I never fake it
But I take it when you get naked cause your body's like BOOM! (boom!)
How could I resist it? I'll be there in an instant
When you call like tornadoes you got me twisted
I know you missed it, so I'mma give it good
You'll go ballistic, because I give it hood
Just like a nigga would, and like a nigga should
If you hear screamin then Luda's up yo' neighborhood
Good gracious, yeah I do it right
And all night, you are

[Hook]

[Jamie Foxx]
Yeah, it's courageous how you drop the phone and rush over
Crazy how you make me high when I'm sober
Just when I thought, I've seen it all
You put it down on meeeee
It's contagious how your lips make me lose composure
Addicted to the kisses, your blow got me swoll up
There's only one, my champion
That's what you are to meeee, yeah
Ooooooh yeah

[Hook] - 2X w/ ad libs