[Hook: RBX]
Remember me? Seven executions
Remember me? I have no remorse
Remember me? I'm high powered
Remember me? I drop bombs like Hiroshima

[Verse 1: RBX]
For this one it's the X; you retarded?!
Cause I grab the mic and get Down like syndrome
Hide and roam into the masses
Without boundaries, which qualifies me
For the term universal, without no rehearsal
I leak words that's controversial
Like I'm not the one you wanna contest, see
Cause I'll hit your ass like the train did that bitch
That got banned from TV, heavyweight hitter
Hit you watch your whole head split up
Loco is the motion, we comin' through
Hollow tips is the lead, the forty-five threw

[Hook: Sticky Fingaz]
Remember me? Throw ya gunz in the air
Remember me? Slam, Slam
Remember me? Nigga, bacdafucup
Remember me? Chka-chka-Onyx

[Verse 2: Sticky Fingaz]
Niggas that take no for an answer, get told "no"
Yeah, I been told no, but it was more like "no, no, no"
Life's a bitch, met her, fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
This vet is ahead of the shit is all redder, you deader and deader
A medic instead of the cheddars and credda
Settle vendetta with metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto
Evidence, nope, never leave a shred-of
I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me
My mom's got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you
I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total
Want beef, nigga? Pbbt, you better dead that shit
My name should be Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit
Probably sayin' he ain't a killer, but I'm killin' myself
Smoke death, fuck bitches raw, on the kitchen floor
So think what I'mma do to you, have done to you
Got niggas in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two
What you wanna do? cocksuckers, we Glock busters
'til the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters
Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us
I'm getting wires niggas wanting me dead, wanting my head
You think it could be something I said ?

[Hook: Eminem]
Remember me? I just don't give a fuck
Remember me? Yeah, fuck you too
Remember me? I'm low down and I'm shifty
Remember me? I'm Shady

[Verse 3: Eminem]
When I go out, I'mma go out shooting
I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid
I'm tryna clean up my fuckin' image so I promised the fuckin' critics
I wouldn't say fuckin' for six minutes (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde
So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on
I may be wrong, I keep thinking these crazy thoughts
In my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
(Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on)
Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window
And stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats
Sick, sick dreams of picnic scenes
Two kids, sixteen with M-16's and ten clips each
And them shits reach through six kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets?
Fuck that, pbbt – you faggots can vanish to volcanic ash
And reappear in hell with a can of gas and a match
Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at
(What the fuck you staring at, nigga?)

[Outro]
Don't you remember me? Remember me?
Remember me? Remember me? (Slim Shady!)[Hook (x6): A$AP Ferg]
Get the fuck out my mothafuckin' face

[Verse 1: B-Real]
Who's Dr. Greenthumb, anybody seen him
Not another white bitch, time for a re-run
Need some green sum, seen some homie
Send you a ton but I keep some homie
King of Queen, the kind you blaze
Whole team on lean on Pisa sway
I'm ghetto and the pump got a critter all splattered
Have another hit but I want to hit the shatter
Dabbing all night really got me faded
Take a hit of my shit feel upgraded
Twist that shit like your weave got braided
Chilling in the palm trees feeling real shaded
Pass that shit like a deadly virus
She want to hit, that's Miley Cyrus
Hit it so hard, my god, she likes this
Change that chick's name to Miley Cypress

[Verse 2: A$AP Ferg]
A$AP Ferg, A$AP mobbin'
Bitches on my ball sack wanna nigga martian
And a Miss America, picking any target
Bitch give me long neck like an ostrich
Aston Matthews in an Aston Marton, driving retarded
Sipping on that Crissy cause a nigga really ballin'
Headed to the telly with a bunch of Kelly Clarksons
They love that I'm from Harlem, they love to see a broad
And another broad and kiss and massage 'em
Give them booty shots might Nicki Minaj 'em
Dont let 'em get me hard then
Tell they friend give me jaws like a shark fin
You'll play Halle Berry in Monster Ball and
I'll be Trap Lord Billy Bob Thornton

[Verse 3: A$ton Matthews]
Oh, shit, who let these Hulk Hogan hoes in with nose and chest open
That water hose got us sipping, that Molly maid got us dripping
I get that A$AP, A$AP, take naps from the K clap, I'll bring it
Where you lay at, gang colder than face off, you don't want to face that
Got these hoes dripping out the four socks, 44's get the 4's off
Four boats so the hoes drop, that rose gold keep it don't stop
Haaan, molly party, molly party, them bitches know
It's a molly party, dodging cases cause I'm dropping bodies
#1 Stunna, Camoflage Hummer, nose job had to paint white for the summer
I'm a hit stick drummer, heavy weight Triple H Hall of Fame head hunter
Minivan gram Van Dam hand in hand in the Trans-Am
Choppas are test tap dance, Hammer time Ham dance, put that pussy on a hand stand

[Hook (x4): A$ton Matthews]

[Verse 4: Fredro Starr & (Sticky Fingaz)]
Better get the fuck out my face with all that
Or get a broken beat down with a baseball bat
Ferg said call a nigga A$AP back
Oh, just looking for his baseball bat
I'm a thug with a baseball cap
Got a bad bitch slim waist from the back
Ass ain't fat but her face all that
Oh, she like to fuck in my baseball cap
(I'm a CB-GB, Crazy Baldhead Grimy Bastard)
(You a BG-GB: Bitch that's Gonna Get Blasted)
(So don't set trip cause I love to trip, my niggas trip, acid)
(I don't give a fuck if it's fake or real, those titties coulda been plastic)
Official Nast' my gangs official
Mad faced niggas with anger issues
Hundred mad niggas got a gang of pistols, blaow
Now how the fuck can a stranger miss you
(My whole set ganged up, play yourself get ya banged up)
(Suicide you get hanged up, she done fuck the crew she got ganged up)

[Outro: Fredro Starr & (Sticky Fingaz)]
Get the fuck out my mothafuckin' face
I'll pull the heat out my mothafuckin' waist
(Get the fuck out my mothafuckin' face)
(I'll pull the strap out my mothafuckin' waist)[Hook: Sticky Fingaz]
Niggas sleeping better, WakeDaFucUp
This weed habit, drink the fuck up!
Bloody murder, you get ate the fuck up!
Your whole crew, we will break the fuck up!

[Verse 1: Fredro Starr]
Who better than us? The fuck will spark the East coast up
Oh shit, the fucking beast woke up
From out of deep sleep, niggas is boring
Fucking all these weak beast, the beast was snoring
Now the beast is hungry, stomach is growling
Nigga ribs and such and now it’s stuck in the island
Motherfuckers is smiling but nobody smiling
‘Cause where I'm from, motherfucking niggas be wilding
And the wolves be howling
Mines be rolling, cars be stolen
We're coming out the gutter, like fucker we bowling
The shit that I’m holding
Niggas talk shit, put the fifth to your colon

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Sticky Fingaz]
Oh shit, you done woke up the monster
I smell rappers, no wonder
It's obvious, y'all have got too comfortable
And all these rappers now a days is bullshit
You colorful like a bitch
Lala you signing and dancing, you bitch!
You need to loosen up your clothes nigga
And leave the dancing to them hoes nigga
Hip Hop started out on the block
I fell asleep at the wheel, the shit crashed into pop
When I speak, the hood got the ears up, Spock
And I’ma leave my mark and you gotta get hit with the Onyx
Nigga you know, nigga you know, nigga you know
Am I wrong? Hip Hop need a face lift
And what better face than the mad face to get?

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Skits Vicious]
Blades and nunchucks, brazing gun shots
When I’m done they can rake their guts up (motherfucker)
This heat turns your face to slush pop
Ride to Hell, this is Satan’s bus stop
Got a hot bitch cuffed up
Take the drugs, love, you get raped and butt fucked
I snort speed then I WakeDaFucUp
Kind of off topic but hey
I’m somewhat crazed and drunk off Jamaican rum shots
(White noise) White boy’s cables cut off
Angels dust drops, how that taste?
D.O.D. mad face, closed case

[Verse 4: Jay Reaper]
Niggas got no taste, but when I’m looking that fuckers in figures
We hard body karate, Killuminati niggas
I’m Picasso, an apostle, Hip Hop deliver
Y'all niggas pop so I'm popping a shot in your liver
Try and copy what I got and I’ll copy your chopper
Niggas claiming they heartless, we'll put 2 in yo mama
Brains leaking and your head leave you looking like pasta
Ain’t speaking cause you dead on the floor, an imposter, yeah
See I’m obsessed with this sport, lesson, I’m core
Repping with the Onyx, niggas back with the force
We back in this war, we back in, of course
So all y'all boot-legged niggas, get yo' ass to the store

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Keep sleeping, beds is burning (x3)
Keep sleeping, keep sleeping
Keep sleeping, beds is burning (x3)
Keep sleeping, keep sleeping

[Hook][Produced by Fredro Starr]

[Intro: Sticky Fingaz]
South suicide Queens, all niggas
Gather up all your arms
And get ready for this New World Order
Shit is about to change motherfucker

[Verse 1: Fredro Starr]
I’m America’s nightmare; young, black and just don’t give a fuck
I just wanna get high & live it up
So fuck a 9 to 5 and whitey tryin to slave us, with minimum wages
Slamming my niggas up in cages
Changin their behavior to spitting razors, that's outrageous
Smoking roaches is hopeless, we want lazy sofas and sculptures
Lady chauffeurs who fuck us, full house and royal flushes
Roll with the rush, it's that Afficial Nast
Got bitches with pistols and cash, we living in the last
My theory is "fuck it", sexy niggas get abducted
My corrupted is conducted, through ghettos, sipping Amaretto
Hand on the metal, foot on the pedal, never settle
He wore Carolina Herrera, dirty Donna Karan sweaters
Ralph Lauren leathers and suedes
Gold plated guns and grenades
To blow up; I got news from the informers
I'm trapped in corners, busting shots at Time-Warner's

[Verse 2: Sonee Seeza]
My man big Ty, he know how to get by, get high, do a jix, then be fixed to be fly
Some mid, cross and up and downtown action
And when he stick he keep a grip and move with traction
Keep mad alibis, a plan to stay wise and wide eyed
Living in the state of south side
Crooked jakes
And fakes snake niggas all out for papes
All who wanna over take you leave them with drapes
The white sheet covers, this heat smothers
The street, eat brothers
Six shots rang, duke got banged
We all ready for these wars
We all want more, these the last days get yours

[Bridge 1: Fredro Starr]
32 shots inserted in Glocks, you heard it for blocks
The murderer who gots convertible drops
Livin life on the edge, a dangerous way of living
Never giving a shit
Cause we living in it
Cause it be off the hook
Crooks, crack
Cheeba spots, and selling rocks
The cops around the clock
It’s hot
Livin life on the edge, a dangerous way of livin
Never giving a shit
Cause we living in it

[Verse 3: Sticky Fingaz]
Thinkin about takin my own life, I might as well, ‘cept they might sell weed in hell
And that’s where I’m goin cause the devil’s inside of me
He make me rob from my own nationality
That’s kind of ignorant, but yo I gotta pay the rent
So yeah, I'll stick a nigga most definite
A degenerate if I get caught I'm innocent
Cause I don't leave no sticky finga prints
For the cops, they only good if they dead, and all that badge and the gun shit be goin’ to their head
To make bread I gotta steal for sport
So I stole the show and made some pennies for my thoughts
And if this fucking rap shit don't pay
I'ma start selling drugs around my way
Killing my own people in the USG
Shit they gonna get it from somebody, I'd rather it be me
Besides...you can't tax dirty money
And you can't trust nobody (nobody)
No one (no one), I'm a scorpion
And I'll probably bite the bullet cause I live by the gun

[Bridge 2: Fredro Starr]
Big heavy hitters, 25 to life bidders who just came out and pullin flame out
Take aim
Blow your brains out
It’s life on the edge, a dangerous way of livin
Never giving a shit
Cause we living in it
In South suicide Queens where niggas act up
Nigga back up
Afficial Nast-throw your fucking gats up
It’s life on the edge, a dangerous way of livin
Never giving a shit
Cause we living in it
We never giving a shit
Cause we living in it
Afficial Nast motherfuckers dont give a shit
Word upStraight up nigga
Motherfuckin Southside nigga (word up)
[SF] Brooklyn what!
We gonna do it just like this man
Straight to your whole area (word up word up)
YEAH, YEAH
You know what we fin' to do
Shut 'em down, shut 'em down
YEAH, yo.. word up, yo
[SF] It's time to take over the world!

Chorus: repeat 4X

Shut 'em down - shut 'em down, shut 'em down

[Fredro Starr]
Official Nast', I'm tired of these.. yo, yo, yo
Shut 'em down start the violence we whylin whylin
Slain rapper's body found washed up, on Coney Island
When I rolled up, this nigga heart slowed up, that "killa" froze up
When I pulled up, jumped out with the pump-pump 32 shots and ducked out
Then I broke out, left that cat for dead his body smoked out
Cause when I fall out, y'all killas got kill me kid I'm goin all out
Life's a bitch, fuck it! Got a gun, bust it!
The gameplay, gotta play by the rules of your own cannot be trusted
Don't try to test, abide your chest, put five inside your vest
Have you layin where the dead rest
Shoulda known when you was lookin in the eyes of Death
Asked the Lord for forgiveness
When I did this, there was not no witness
But he should understand -- cause even God got a shit list

[Sonsee]
Yo it's beatdowns anonymous, I spits like a shiny silver nine'll bust
Niggas fine to bust, we the kind that rush
Those that, hold back, taking your whole stack
Grimy street cats, niggas baldhead, like Kojak
Go gat for gat, quote that, in fact, you can smoke that
Uncut black dust, making your whole, fucking skull crack
Better know me, one-three, one and only
Could be never phony in any ceremony, I'll tear you homey
(Shut 'em down!) Sonsee's taking your time, making your mind
Baddest nigga on the low defecatin with rhymes
Breakin your spine, got you movin from the flurry time to worry
I'mma bury the bullshit, feel my full clip!

Chorus

[DMX]
Uhh.. uhh, uhh
Aiyyo I bet you this motherfuckin double barrel'll blast his face
Be on the lookout - for a basketcase
Niggas pumped you up to watch you get beat
Had you thinkin shit is sweet
Now you up shit's creek, cause your shit's weak
How much is your life worth to someone important, cause I be extortin
Kidnappin for ransom is some shit that you don't want to get caught in
From back in the days of Gordon, niggas was gettin robbed
The guy from Rikers Height stayed on his job, with his own little mob
Was it worth goin back to the Earth so soon?
Worth makin my shit go boom, ?? your own doom?
Fill them graveyards, til there's no room?
Fuck you know about a pine box? Money goin out with nine Glocks
On top between that same nigga, when they pull out spray nine shots
Feel like killin for your crew? I ain't gon' rest
It don't take a whole lot to fill up your vest
Then watch your lungs as they spill out your chest
You best get on some, act your age shit
You a little kid, that run for faces
More niggas get killed like that than a little bit

[Sticky Fingaz]
Ayy man Sticky
F-I-N-G-A-Z the crazy cajun blazin bullets for days and days
And grazin' amazin' I'm the guy that's lacin'
Purple Hazin, hard to be phasin' LORD all this hell that I'm raisin
God of the Underground, I'm gunnin em down with a thunder pound
We gonna (SHUT 'EM DOWN!) We turn shit dumb quick when the gun click
Lyin in ya rhymes is worse then lyin on your dick
In the morgue admit it dogs I'm the Rottweiler my Glock holla
Fuck cocaine killa I sniff gunpowder
So all you real Willies throw your Roley's in the sky
Now all my crooks, rob them players outside!
I'm so hype, I'll take yo' life, better have my dough right
And FUCK FIVE MICS, I DON'T NEED NO MIC!!!!!
{*trashes the shit, rips off his mic, speaker feedback ensures*}
WHAT?!?!?! BRING IT!!!! SHUT 'EM DOWN!

Chorus 2X

[Sticky Fingaz]
WHAT?? BRING IT!
OFFICIAL NAST' SHUT 'EM DOWN!
Word up boy, bout to shut down the whole industry
Official Nast', DMX, we wreckin ERY'THING!
So shut up! Or you get SHUT DOWN! LIKE THE REST OF THEM!
Pussy![Verse 1 - Skits Vicious]
I turn ya scar tissue to a fresh cu
While me n Jay play good cop bad cop, slice ya tats off
And wear em like i was Buffalo Bill
I take a couple of pills and give a couple of suckaz the chillz
What the deal? box cutter and rubber gloves
Gun fring it's nothing you rot in a rubber tub
Some ruff uppercuts 2 da jaw sure 2 shut em up
And make em wonder what then fuck keeps me doin this
Or why I keep breaking crewz rigs with sewer lids
I toss em like frisbeez vicious ain't new to this
...see what I'm chweing iz a magic shroom
Rappers lock themselves inside a panic room
Good afternoon, we turn ya whole house to ground zero
I'm the slayer of the mayor, ghosttown's hometown hero
Dope dod got em running with fear
Now move back muthafuk's: The Onyx is here!!!

[Verse 2 - Fredro Starr]
I got Monsters in my head, unconscious almost dead
I hear voices putting all this nonsense in my head
It makes no sense, waking up with both hands covered in blood
Got your favourite rapper chain covered in mud
As it hangs from the front of my truck, like an ornament
I collect trophies for rappers I tormented
I got em walking like zombies in this bitch
One show blow him out his abercrombie & fitch you give these niggas an inch, they wanna take a mile
I put the 5th to ya face take that with a smile
I'm foul... yeah so fuck repercussions
Black hoodie on liking like the grim reaper cousin

[Chorus]
You need a panic room for this shit
Why is that?
Cause when we in da house, all we wanna do iz rip shit
You can't mess with sickest
Who are they?
Dope dod, and onyx, deadly mix kid

[Verse 3 - Dopey Rotten]
I crack skulls cause my life is dull
I sold my soul ain't got a life at all
Yeah I'm making the calls watch your empire fall
I won't move aside my mindstate's like fuck it all
No need to panic yall
The world is my basketball
I'm not gonna pass at all give me what I'm asking for
Underground ambassador our army's coming after ya
You're living in the past and ya not a time traveller
Damage ya cut you in half like a paprika
Used to be in front but you didn't have the stamina
To keep it up now you starving like it's Africa
Now witness the massacre to death ill be bashing ya
Ya wife I be banging as you watch you couldn't handle her
Now take ya last breath and watch me strangle her
Evil right her yeah its more than pure
Keep killing till my heart stops that's the cure

[Verse 4 - Jay Reaper]
Crack a heineken
Its time to strike the mic again
Seasons switch
Cycles end
We blowin' up like hydrogen
Now ima tell you that ya hype will end i'll grab the mighty pen
This god is vigirous i'll smite ya men
Ya niggas need to step it up and all
Im fuckin bustin balls
With flows bolder than a buffalo
See no cuffs can hold this nigga cause i rock and roll
And when i reach my toll i explode like Mark Ruffalo
Thats why im actin kinda cynical ya'll niggas like to make shit
I make gold and chrome minerals
Pitiful
Nevertheless im a killer cold
Bad to the bone thats why im livin' by the sinners code
Yeah you stepped into the dark abyss
We're narcissist got a taste for bloody carcasses
The problem is ya'll niggas ain't fuckin' with heated beats
The real chiefs or these evil streets

[Chorus 2x]

[Verse 5 - Sticky Fingaz]
I take you to a place that I don't like to go
I got that rifle flow cause killing niggas is like riding a bicycle
And how to break a neck is something that you can't forget
It's Sticky Fingaz... but you can call me face of death
Nigga i won't battle rap you i just eat ya adam's apple
Take you to the tabernacle, drag you through the street in shackles
I come inside yo house, nigga hide inside the walls
... I sniff em out until I find em all...
My voice sounds like my stomach growling
Grimey nigga what I won't do for a 100,000
This nigga something bout him, something wrong guns arouse him
Always got the huns around him
Hip hop is fucked without!!!...[Verse 1: Sadistik]
Marijuana that I light when I’m alone
Reaching ultraviolet lights to kill the spiders in my skull
I'm a recluse, wreck you, hiding in my home
M. Bison when I light up, doing spirals when I roam
With the buffalo, puff of smoke, get stigmata
Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta
I'm with the vultures, get some drama
Don’t believe in karma, head shot (BLAT BLAT)
Two can keep a secret if one of them is dead
Oh there’s three left in the chamber with the gun against the head
Russian roulette, one of ‘em’s left
Left wondering, "Was it something I said?"
These motherfuckers run for cover when I hum a number
Something other, muttered thunder, hunger
For the blood of others, hunting, Hunter S
Junkie huffing puffing, under stress like gutter slug
With nothing but a stuttered des-tiny
Tiny ants dance beneath this giant’s feet
Rival me and get the iron lung for irony
Ire breeds, I am me, Ayatollah fire breathes
From the mouth of madness
Michael Myers when the smiles cease, idling
They talk shit on Wi-Fi bout the best
But their fingers stick to text nine times out of ten
Yeah, watch 'em die by fountain pen
A pound of flesh, and it better not be counterfeit

[Hook: instrumental break 8 measures]
Die, die, die (x2)

[Verse 2: Sticky Fingaz]
You think you can take me? Well, come on with it
I'm a sick, twisted fuck, I leave you tormented
So if you got a weak stomach then you better forget it
I'm a shark, I smell blood, it's too late to forfeit it
Deading y’all niggas is what I do for a living
And I'ma leave a scar so you never forget it
Have you dripping out of windows, while we robbing your credit
Run it by me, you won't be able to walk to the clinic
I'm a pathologist, Dr. Kevorkian
Nigga, I promised this, the Hip Hop scorpion
I turn all y’all kids into orphans then
Raise them as my own, shit that’s better off for them
I know I'm going to the place that's too hot for me
Cause I'm a fallen angel, something in me gots to sink
Ain't no way in hell I'm not top of the ten
If I'm not number one, I must be zero then
You dead in my sights, it's over once I zero in
Dead to rights for try'na be a hero again
Time to sign your death warrant, nigga hand on a pen
Put your best foot forward, take it on the chin
Plus whenever I'm on track pain get inflicted
Punchlines hit your head, your brain gets shifted
I'm vicious, have you screaming, “Abort the mission”
Relentless, I like to see you hurt, that's sadistic

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Ahga beeba fee a lotta booby
Dada boba shabaland who be hotta? not a man!
Who ever think different's in lala land
Allah crammed scholar and a lot of K.O.D
Inside of my knot then bada bam
Strange Music, my gang ruthless we Bang you if
Lame stupidness out ya fangs true is the pain you get
From brain shoe kicks my aims lucid my name shoot this thang
Hang nooses we flame crew it's no dang blue shit!
Sick with Sticky and Sadistik suddenly something shifted
Simple Simon suckas seemin' submissive
See us and some surely substitute sis's
Chakratease spit shit psycho scripts is scripted syphilis!
You haters don't ride on my dick but yo mamma there
She like to play in my goat she call it Osama hair!
So now you wanna go get yo llama pair and shoot me
I'll die cause my insurance was fucked up by ObamaCare!Bottomline, overall we gotta get this motherfuckin cash!
No doubt man, that's what I'm sayin man
Illuminati I heard they tryin to really just hold shit down
They tryin to shut us down God!
They tryin to shut us down, cause we rock, on the low

[Hook]
Two wrongs don't make it right but it damn sure make us even (7X)

Verse One: Fredro Starr

Fuck peace I want justice
I’m a nigga with a gun and a right mind to bust this, fuck this
I’m mad at the world hell, I got a vengeance
My first offense I caught the life or death sentence
The real black army’s in jail with no protection
It’s killin me callin these facilities correction
System that is getting us, come on my fellow prisoners
Time to go to war, we’ll be dead if we stay listeners
Time to get the tek and go step to the president
U.S.G., fuck American resident
And yeah I got a speech impediment
I speak slang, for my niggas who got hanged
{*DJ cuts and scratches "So throw ya gunz in the.."*}
They say 'Throw Ya Gunz' was negative, I say fuck them
They the ones who put the guns in the ghetto for destruction
This is the oppression, the deception, killin our own complexion
What we need to do is point the guns in the right direction

[Hook]

Verse Two: Sonsee

Yo it’s only getting worse, I’m a burst in controverse
And tell you where I’m from it’s the savage man they curse
It’s the illest, biggest, experiment. What are we guinea pigs in the cages of the projects?
Cause we the ones that’s feelin it
They gave us guns and drugs and watch us bug and rub each other out
So stop doin what they love
Retaliate, it's time to get big and bombard
And flip this shit like the Food of the Gods
They say we got the animal mentality, show them the raw reality
If you real, you ain’t mad at me
But if you is, so the fuck what?
Me and my peeps came to claim the brown man’s cut
Which was really ours; this the hour, better do what I do fuck those nuclear powers that be
We gotta form our own ground
Dominate, infiltrate, and feel great til it burns down
And when it burns, it’s goin up in blazes
We gotta do what we shoulda fuckin did since the dark ages

[Hook]

Verse Three: Sticky Fingaz

I have a dream, that I must reveal
So I pinch myself to make sure it's real
First we gotta destroy and then rebuild
Even if it mean that I'mma get myself killed
Don't make me no difference, I done wrote my will
And talk about what they did to us is dumb
What we need to be talkin about is what we gonna do to them
I’ll get revenge if it’s the last thing I do
When I start speaking in tongues the Holy Ghost couldn’t save you
So do you want answers?
Yeah I want answers, and I want the truth
You want the truth? You couldn’t handle the truth
Cause they got us brainwashed so we the minority
But when we kill em off we gonna be the majority
Preach on
See I was raised to fight for what I believe in
I won’t forget, can’t forget, I’m tryin’ to get even
And if the whites speak up, then I'll lead my people
Cause two wrongs don't make it right, but it damn sure make us equal
I'm incitin riots, so let's start the lootin
And whoever cross the walls I guess we'll just got to shoot them
Cause in this revolution I loathe my enemy
I'm agnostic plus I got no identity
So lovers of life don't keep your hopes up high (WHY?)
Cause it's just a matter of time before it's your turn to die
But until then, when you stop breathin
It's time to stand up and fight for what you believe in!!!!!

[Hook][Hook]
Ah, and we do it like this
Ah, and we do it like this
Ah, and we do it like this
Ah, and we do it like this

[Verse 1]
Days like scenery rap in our radar
Got no time, my problem is debater
Due to circumstances [?]
Grab a stage and puff, puff that spliff
Dance with the ladies, fellas and kin
The one who claims is not your friend
To be concerned of taking a earn
No use in cheating, and don’t you act stern
Mindless brother going to rot
A freshly [?] from that old rap pot
The big bang theory marching our theory
A mother's heart is a heart that's weary
[?] that’s a no-no
Better hold yours cause I'm holding my own
[?]
Some say Ty, some say Tyrone

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Well, here's a little something for you all to learn
Money to make, [?] to burn
First you feel the high then you feel the low
Down on your luck and you know how it goes
Now you sitting down at home watching cartoons
Fred Flinstone, Tom & Jerry too
Had three kids and a beautiful wife
But then you went crazy and stabbed them with a knife
Now you sitting in a jail sitting in a cell
Feeling fired up, but you going through hell
Oh, I'm that brother that makes you all shiver
I'm the MC that always deliver

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I'm a smooth fellow back in that yellow
Playing it safe like a game of othello
Yellow is the color, never moving like jell-o
Papa got a 40, I sip on my mellow
Put it in a order, [?] slaughter
Jimmy had a nickel, Fredro had a quarter
Start moving, rappers is improving
Party so loud the manniquens start moving
People are enjoying jiving around
A country sound that’ll make you get down

[Hook]


[Verse 4]
Check me out to distinguish, all the time genius
Hit suave [?]
Tryna get small
Better dress warm cause a brother like me takes the place by storm
Leaving no ends for brothers I dive
Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse
Should respect like the Pope and leave your mouth open
Pull the biggest drive cause I got the longest rope in

[Hook]

[Verse 5]
Check it out everybody, a new fly tune
[?]
People, people jumping around
People, people getting down
But all they hearing is my high tune sounds
Back in the days [?] saved
That's the crew [?]
But then he got a gun, had him on the run
Now they calling him crazy

[Hook]

[Verse 6]
Check one, we don't care how we gon' slay it
What to learn and what to obey
A lot of [?] when you fill that blue
What to do when your day is through
My nigga make, make things to get
Yeah, it’s time to get [?], it’s time to get nice
You gotta get ready for the sacrifice
Ain’t no half stepping, ain’t no weapon
[?] gets all the respect

[Hook]

[Verse 7]
[?] and I’m on the mic
Kick fly raps cause you know I’m like
I’m hyper, this the cat that’s best to go sniper
And I’mma have to get piper
Just like a typer, coon kind of brother
[?] is the late night brother

[Hook]

[Verse 8]
What’s a man to do after living in fear
Reach for a gun at 20 years in life
Shit, can’t see his wife
She gets caught for trying to slip in a knife
That’s not for me as you can all see
So ain’t no gun around that table
But I’m barely here living and able
Throw up your fist, shall get bliss
Blast, now you in a body cast

[Hook]

[Verse 9]
[?] on a warm, sunny day
Smooth operator like [?] would say
Hit the bass in your voice, tone like [?]
Get on the mic, put on your best shoes
[?] fire, burns my desire
[?]

[Hook][Verse 1: Fredro Starr]
Nigga you heartless?
You ain't heartless
You don't want no part in this
You ain't got it in ya
I’m born to be a sinner
As I move through these evil New York streets like grease
And some kids get caught up all up in the crime rate
Couldn’t hold your 9 straight when you was bustin your whole clip and hit nothin’
Your whole block got hot up, only two niggas got up
Came down fast, caught the cash and the product
Caught you pants down with your clothes off
A nigga never knows, a nigga never doze off

[Verse 2: Sonny Seeza]
Ya got your rhymes niggas? Bring em, we stomp that
Its concrete combat where I'm at
A crime covered city
Where there's no time for pity
We coming from the village
Of the unprivileged
Blood soaked bills through murder actions
Transactions all illegal
I smell the cheeb like a beagle
Evil stalks and lurks, dominate and do works in my dwellin
Niggas spillin shells and compellin to bust melons
We just fugitives and felons so ain’t no tellin

[Hook 1: 2X]
These evil streets is rough
Ain’t no one we can trust
Either roll with the rush or get rushed
Cause all we got is us

These evil streets...

[Verse 3: Sticky Fingaz]
I see the world through the eyes of a nigga on a brink
Drugs got my brain fried making it hard to think
And I’m trapped in these evil streets
Drivin some scuffed up ran down beat up ass Timbs
Some kid pulls up with chrome dipped Bugatti rims
Now I’m thinkin it’s three in the A.M. , I’m walkin, he in a B.M. drop top 3
And don’t even see me, but you gon' believe he saw my gun in 3-d
10 blocks later I'm trying to work the CD
Spotted 50 dipped on the BQE
Cause ain't no way them pigs is bagging me
Next up is Sonsee, we Afficial Nastee

[Verse 4: Sonny Seeza]
For niggas that force the issue, my man’ll toss the pistol
And of course I hit you, let that loss be with you
The more L’s the higher, streets of fire
Make ice hearts in men for a worldly desire
It’s the black attack born on the corner
Nigga grew up fast to get that loot up, ready to shoot up
And he do anything to achieve it
Ya better believe it
Run with a band of thieves who retrieves the goods
Stacking stacks and push a nigga shit back like they should
While we was gone some shit done developed
Now parlay, sit back and watch Armee swell up
Yeah, punk niggas

[Hook 2: x4]
As we move through these evil streets...

[Verse 5: Sticky Fingaz]
Only nigga that could kill me is the nigga in the mirror
And when I cuff a mic it make my fightin words clearer
I’m naked without a gun, it’s like something is missin
That was my employer when I ain’t have a pot to piss in
So listen
Keep a gun even if it’s not needed
Better that than to have none and be in deep shit
We mold on niggas like Bacteria grows
Foes be lucky if they walk away with a black eye and a broken nose

[Verse 5: Fredro Starr]
Nigga, we kill niggas for Polo and Hilfigers
It’s all for real ill niggas with steel triggers
Ain’t nothin over here pumping soft, shit be jumping off
On the reg
Don’t beat me in the head with that, go ahead with that
I think back, me and my man’s brother, we robbed somebody grandmother
Pulled out, the bitch ran for cover
Keep niggas guessing with a face without expression
For niggas stressing, I leave a lifetime impression
It shines like fluorescents when the flame comes out
It’s all about what you got when your game runs out, shit is hot
You can get burned with heat, we take turns to sleep, you better learn the street knowledge
Damn, you can get shot for five dollars
It’s live wires with no signs of survivors

[Hook 1: x2]

These evil streets..."It's the beginning of a new and excitingly different story!"
"Aight listen" - Rakim
{*needle rips across a record*}

[Sticky Fingaz]
What’s the matter with my brain?
I can’t think clear, oh it’s the hair
Run and get the razor gotta make it disappear
There, now I got an open mind, plus some grease to give it shine

[Fredro Starr]
Bald heads and hoodies, black jeans and boots scuffed
Move by the millions and children stay rough for the
One for the road, sell outs get wetted
Wild to rip and conflicts get deaded
Gats and backwards baseball caps
When I react I set traps, no haps they get jacked

[Hook: Onyx]
It's attack of the bald heads
Attack of the bald heads
Attack of the bald heads (attack!)
Attack of the bald heads (attack!)
Attack of the bald heads (attack!)

[Sonee Seeza]
Most times I get dirty, down low
Scandalous, crazy conniving, wild, suckers know I’ll smoke em like the bloody buddah
Bless bald head style, triple zero against ya grain I shaved em close and nicked em
Cause it’s just another victim

[Sticky Fingaz]
Shhh, what, what’s up? Listen do you hear what I hear? Yeah
Sounds like an intruder comin in the rear
Come on Sticky, sick em, nah I wanna kick em
I got the Glock cocked I’m with it, now they gonna get it

[Big DS]
I got ‘em, I shot ‘em, he hit rock bottom
I flip it, get wicked and wild when I spot em
DS knows best, yep I pack a heater
Twenty bags of cheeba, slow up ya damn speeder

[F] We rush on 'em hard (Bring 'em out dead!)
[S] Onyx rush on 'em hard (Bring 'em out dead!)
[SF] Bald heads rush on 'em hard (Bring 'em out dead!)
[DS] Stinkin, what the hell was they thinkin?

[Hook: Onyx]
The bald heads..
Attack of the bald heads (attack, attack!)
Attack of the bald heads (attack, attack!)
Attack of the bald heads (attack!)
Attack of the bald heads (attack!)
.. bald headz, ATTACK!

[Fredro Starr]
I got news now,  for crews  no way no how
(So GIVE IT AWAY, GIVE IT AWAY, GIVE IT AWAY NOW!)
Smooth as a baby’s ass, headed for the body blast buddy
Escaping through the ghetto, kicks muddy
Wilder than Wolverine, run with the scheme team, meaner than Mean Gene
Obscene and heads clean, so well aware, farewell
There goes the big bell, and that means see ya hate to be ya

[Sonee Seeza]
My clean bean production, so damn disgusting
In the cut bust ya gut and head bustin
Ain’t no escapin the madface invasion
Hot ice and cold steel pressin up in your grill
Word to God I get odd, and even
Leave a punk dead out
Slice up the scalp, man I’ll leave ya head in shreds
Attack of the bald heads, attack of the bald heads

[Sticky Fingaz]
AIYYO!!! What's goin on with the world?
Yesterday, seen a bald head girl
WHAT? MOVE!! You heard what I said
I wouldn't be caught dead without a bald head
Make one false move and I'mma fill ya with lead
Cause there's enough dum-dum bullets for ya whole bum bum-rush crew, who should I do?
Attack of the bald heads, WE COMIN THROUGH!

[Hook: Onyx]
Attack of the bald heads
Attack of the bald heads
Attack of the bald heads (attack, attack!)
Attack of the bald heads
Attack of the bald heads (attack, attack!)
Attack of the bald heads
Attack of the bald heads (attack!)
Attack of the bald heads (attack!)

[Sonee Seeza]
(I GOT NEWS!) Attack of the bald heads!
The Onyx; rippin it.. from '93 to the year 2000!
WORRRRRRRRRRD THE FUCK UP!!

[Sticky Fingaz]
Cut ya hair we still never STOP!!![Sticky talking]
Let me call this nigga
Come on man; pick up the damn phone

[Brother]
Hello

[Sticky]
I got your pictures, damn we look just alike
A younger version of me, half my age same height
I played "beat you up", made you tough, taught you to fight
Put you on, showed you things, watched your first bite
Now you on the streets making the same mistakes I did
That got me nowhere, so I'm trapped upstate in this bid
Caged like an animal ain't no way to live
Got a baby on the way, who gone father my kid
Where you going now I can clearly see
You either going in an bag or in jail with me
Remember when we was younger and you promised me
You be the first in our fam with a college degree
I know you see the cars, the girls, the clothes, the jewels
And think it's all about the money, heard you dropped out of school
I ain't trying preach but if I don't, who gonna
Couldn't live with myself if you died on the corner
You're my baby brother

[Hook: Dave Hollister]
You are my baby brother
And you know I love you nigga
I'm just trying to keep you out there
You don't want to end up in here

[Brother]
I hear what you saying big brother, but listen to me
I ain't trying to be the nigga working Mickey D
When I can hustle on the block and come home with a gee
Yeah you right I want jewels and push a luxury V
But what's wrong with that, I wanna live comfortably
Just like the next man driving round the hood in my Lex Land
I ain't got nobody taking care of me
And as far as a school, well it just ain't for me

[Sticky & (Brother)]
So what you wanna do huh
What you gone sell drugs all your life
(I might)
See you ain't even right
Maybe when you sober up to see the light
(Hold up, this is my life, I live it anyway that I like)
Yo look I'm just trying to help
You know all you want to do is get blunted
(I need money, my wifey got a seed in her stomach)
If you can't see the cycle then you must be blind
And your child getting a father that was just like mine
You're my baby brother

[Hook]

[Sticky & (Brother)]
So is you like that. I mean what's the deal?
Don't you too worry about trying to keep it real?
(Man whatever, this is how you feel then this how you feel)
Yo what's this I hear, you had a gun concealed
(Yeah, I keep my nine...)
See this what I....
(Hold up, let me speak my mind
Look at you, you can't even talk you doing mad time)
Yeah look at me, this is how you wanna be
Locked up, the cops tell you where you can pee
(I got to go man)
Ooh you don't even want to hear me out?
(Yeah, but you talking mad shit I don't even care about)
All I saying is that you got to be more responsible
(Aight man, whatever I'm a talk to you)
Yo, yo.... Damn
He gone end up just like me

[Hook][Sticky Fingaz]
Yo, don't let nobody else up in this booth

[Hook: 1]
I see nothing but gangstas up in herre
I see nothing but ballers up in herre
I see nothing but dope stacks up in herre
I see nothing but flossers up in herre

[Bridge: 1]
(Ahh yea) we gon' mash it up
If you ladies want war we gon' blast it up
If you bitches got bling go flash it up
R.A.M Squad, Universal gon stack it up (ahh yeah)

[Verse: Nelly]
You can catch me in the packed night life, nigga posted up
Or at the bar with some broad, nigga toastin' it up
Any you open mouth niggas I'm a close it up
Anybody wanna buy, gotta boast it up
I put a T.V. in every head, rest our own
I left a tattoo of Nelly, err plus I was on
It's to the point, I can't even get no rest at home
Damn, how many times can a nigga change his form
Yeah I left with five bitches but I came alone
Half you niggas couldn't do it if you became my clone
Best let me run my game
Cause y'all gon' know my name when I bust that thang (oh Nelly!)
I pack Sally in the club, I need more 'Cris miss
Niggas pissed in the club, like who the fuck is this?
Country nigga and his bitch tryin' to take our shine
I takin' yours I'm just expandin' mine aiight

[Hook: 2]
I see nothing but gangstas up in here
I see nothing but ballers up in here
I see nothing but dope stacks up in here
I see nothing but flossers up in here

[Verse: RAM Squad]
I'm in the jet like diamonds (diamonds) shinin' (shinin')
Twenties on the S-Tank system bombin'
Rocks off the chain man, been grindin'
Ball' till my knees spaz, stash for the new Jag
I'm in now, win now, money to lend my friends now
I been in doubt, bend down, down underground
When I pop up spray relms, in and out of town for white ice
But I ain't flint true downs
I'm platinum bound, gon' through plus stacks
Rugged like the motherfuckin' nigga named Max
Big Benz, big crib, big spendin' it up
Big ballin' ass nigga from the end of the Dub, c'mon

[Bridge: 2]
(Ahh yea) Aight, we gon' mash it up
I'm in the 69' Rolls, nigga gas it up
Anything on the road, I'm a pass it up
80 inches, four screens, sskurit, crash it up

[Verse: RAM Squad]
Bitches start hound
Y'all 'bout to hear me shine
If I don't sign back to quarters with dimes
I'm, nothin' but a baller 'till the day that I die
I'm a live my life of crime

[Verse: Sticky Fingaz]
I'm thug, I'm around the clock
Hopped out the spot lyin' around the block
Stay long enough to find a shorty dead on the rocks
No security, I'm greeting you with pounds and Glocks
Hennesy straight in the glass hold the ice
I'm unpredictable my life is like a roll of dice
Got bitches heads turning like the poltergiest
Except they ain't gold diggers they want diamonds now
Its guns, bitches, and weed when I'm in town
Yo son your man wildin' better calm him down
Beat him with the handle and turn him to a vegetable
And it only (it's the remix) took one man to fuck it up for the rest of y'all

[Verse: RAM Squad]
Ball out like Stoudamire
Wave back hairs dry like urban fire
Blue faced, hard fame, like rocky rider
We out in St.louis like Mark McGwire
Twist snips spit fire like a toned barreta
Millionaire in the ring rock the gold umbrella
Got the cream cheese and chedda', mozzarella
Toothed out all of y'all, livin' the betta'
Push keys in the hood call me Mr. C
Heavy neck with the bling like Mr. T
Seen Nelly's blue truck so I copped the V
Paid my way out of court so I copped a plea
Now my slang like Onyx, puff on chronic
Hear my voice, hooked on phonics
Everybody want to be a baller, now
Wanna be a big shot, shotcaller, now

[Hook: 2] [Bridge: 2] (2x)[Produced by The Audible Doctor]

[Verse 1 - Fredro Starr]
I'm a product of my environment
OG's goin' into early retirements
This is the art of war, black diamonds in the automo
If I talk, might start a war
Show starter, go to Shaw, De La Hoya
Son got a stick for the breast, [?]
Public announcements for public houses
Playn with they freedom, touchin' thousands
Rich folks send they kids off to Yale
Raw folks send they kids off to jail
So fuck takin' limits and makin' limitname
We can take a half an ounce, turn it to a 28th
My bitch can't dress and neva [?]
A nigga can't drive a whip unless the whip's foreign
We in the club, throwin' tax free hundids
20 niggas up and outta three black Hummers
Stop puttin' fake grills on a whack green Hyunits
Niggas ain't tryna see max B numbers
Hold yo head, son, this murda ran wrong

[Hook]
One for the struggle, two for the pain
Three for the kids out muggin' for change
Cause the bills don't stop, the bills don't stop
It's the belly of the beast and we ain't hungry

[Verse 2 - Sticky Fingaz]
It's Sticky Fingers, you know I'm bout to black out
I neva go to sleep nigga, I pass out
And I don't wake up, I come to
I'm scared to death cause everything I do come true
I got a lot of things, but no sympathy
I keep the ratchet pockets neva on empty
I'm in that Bentley, please don't tempt me
Compound lawyers, I beat in the temp beat
Look at my face, do it look like I'm jokin'?
The beat it nosey niggas get they nose broken
Sometimes the hardest nigga be the most sour spoken
Pop on guns, get thrown in the ocean
I'm not a gambler, a hustle nigga cashed out
Before I break, I pull that guns and that mask out
As a kid, I was raised in the trap [??]
Like a rat throwin' rocks thru a glass house

[Hook]Onyx

They tried to poison the fetus
We gonna check it out like this
All hail
The high exalted
Yo
My mother fucking name is Fredro Starr
You know what I'm saying?
I'm up here with my man Sonee the money the motherfucking Greeza
And my motherfucking nigga Sticky the fucking Fingaz
You know what I'm saying?
Yo Son
Step to your motherfucking business nigga...word up

[Sonsee]
I’m not the type to be flabbergasted, but all my data’s mastered
It ain’t a madder bastard, boom I had it, niggas get plastered
Soon as I bring what I got in store for this war
Who want it? We got what your looking for
Fuck ya gonna do now money?
Cause it’s the, Sonsee Seeza, Mr. Chocolate bust em like a blister
I get downright depriving on nigga’s   p-rop-z’s; gimme all of these
Ya’ll niggas is puss
What’s the matter, I thrust, bum rush and batterize and assault and catapult
Like a bolt I shock shit
The faker hurter, word to murder, ripping the madder shit to make you BACDAFUCUP further

[Fredro Starr]
Hold up the press, here comes the mess
Worship the best, or die like the rest
You have the right to remain violent
Anything you say can and will be used against you to kill
I’m a tyrant, striking like a viking
A knight in shining armor, death before dishonor
The ruff rhymer, suicidal like Nirvana
The end of your world is just beginning, there's no winning in my inning
Cause dead things cannot effect the living
So I drift into the winds of the ghetto bad weather
I’m lost in the desert but the storm blows me on
Never talk to a stranger, everybody’s in grave danger
Me and my peoples just shout out anger

[Bridge]
Fuck that, we better off dead

[Sticky Fingaz]
I’m considered less than a God, but more than a man
I can knock down a mule like Conan the Barbarian
With my mental powers and my sixth sense
That can raise a dead crowd into a live audience
(so get the fuck out the way)
Or what? Get your ass cut
Cause if you goin to jail they’ll probably make a pussy out ya butt

[Sonsee]
No doubt
Here’s the clique which is known as a black stone
Hard
Fuck around and we’ll shatter your track bone
Scarred
You get for life, I’m concise, niggas get done up precise
Cut up fine and fucked up real nice
Be ready to meet your maker
And die like the Lakers
Faking jackers smack ‘em backwards with the front of the black gat tactics
Straight from the desert-(queens)
Where niggas is desperate
So I'm taking mines from the entrance to the exit

[Hook] (2X)
Get a life?
Fuck that, we better off dead

[Fredro Starr]
Cover me, I’m going in
Move ‘em in
Take em out in the time when niggas seem to always fight a lost battle
Its too late to pray I'm selling one way tickets to hell
"Now, run, tell" is what you punk niggas yell like
Ahhhhh
That’s the sound of your bitch ass hurting
Blindside attack your back with Steel Curtain
Sticky come out, come out wherever you are

[Sticky Fingaz]
So now add all that up to the fact that I’m a nigga that could just beat your mother fucking ass
To hurt your feelings
Cause your shit is trash
‘Chu need people like me, cause they not worthy
Construct my coalition, it’s a demolition derby
To all the spit you talk make the mic smell like saliva
Yuck, you need to retire, resign
I’m ahead of my time, in my prime, one of a kind & out of my mind
And ain't nothing in this world free so me I’ma kick it paid style
I ain't got no smile, I was abused as a child
My moms gave birth to a crazy ass wild one
Bust out her pussy with a motherfucking gun
And started talking slang
Even joined a gang
In suicide scums
I sold jums to the bums
I was the hand to hand man pulling in crumbs
Then I started dealing, robbing and stealing
Got knocked for a killing now I’m known as a villain
So if you want problems I’m ready and willing
And I’ll get up in your mouth like a fucking filling

FUCK DAT WE BETTA OFF DEAD
Please somebody kill me before I put two in my own head...[Verse 1: Fredro Starr]
If the heat is on I gotta freeze a frontin' nigga
Shit’ll hit the fan from the hand squeeze the trigger
Attack of the bald heads, sleep if ya wanna
Beds is burned, step to this you’ll be a goner
Bitch ass niggas not respected but neglected
Move on ‘em, move on ‘em things’ll get hectic
So watch ya pockets, hold ya ho
Ya get hurt up, that’s the word up, fuckin’ with Fredro
Understand god damn, who the hell is that little ass man?
The kid with the scams for all the tight jams
Shootin at the stands, sometimes I grease the fans
Ain’t nothin worse than a bitch ass or which ass nigga that's fakin, lies for attention'
Try to ride a nut for a scratch so stop itchin
Wishin perhaps I play the right guard
Tryin to gain yards but I’ma hit ya with sacks
Two to the temple straight to the brain
So simple and plain
Ain’t a mother fuckin thing change but a hole in ya motherfuckin tank
I would like to thank my nigga
My nigga
My nigga
My nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga

[Hook x2]
Bichasniguz I'mma have to pull ya skirt up!
Bichasniguz I'mma have to pull ya skirt up!
Bichasniguz I'mma have to pull ya skirt up!
That's da word up, you get hurt up!

[Verse 2: Big DS]
Big DS, I’ll put a hole in ya chest
Grab ya by the neck, I hit you with the tek
Onyx in effect, we always come correct
Smack the taste out ya motherfuckin mouth
Big DS I show ya what it’s all about
Danger danger, danger danger
It’s all about anger, the nigga bitch banger

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3: Sonsee]
I be with the crazy criminals from the pistol projects
Beatin ‘em down, who we suspect to fake moves
They play the bitch ass, your choice is dead or death you choose
Make a bitch nigga silent as a bad case of strep throat
Wild crazy klepto keepin ‘em all petro
Duck kids on the block gettin hot with the rocks when the time hit the clock
I knock ‘em right out they Reeboks
That’s my word
I hit a slick city kid or a herb from the suburbs
Bullets can’t discriminate so I won’t either
Make you holier than a bible if you not a believer
This ya worst dream when ya face my team
Bend a bitch nigga over like the house of pain make ‘em scream
When I get you I say gimme that bitch ass
Slice ya throat with glass, get you a cast or a ditch fast

[Onyx]
Ain't nuthin' worse than a bitch ass nigga!
Ain't nuthin' worse than a bitch ass nigga!

[Verse 4: Sticky Fingaz]
Move back mother fuckers, the Onyx is here
My name is Sticky Fingaz I’m the nigga in your nightmare
Forget the crowd cheers, I live off fears
It’s the beast in me, even the music couldn’t sooth me
It’ll take more than U-Haul if ya tryin’ to move me
Ya see I wrote the rhyme, but it’s the weed talkin
All ya bitch ass niggas best just keep walkin
Before I spit in ya face
Onyx is the master race
Ain’t nothing sweet about me G so stay in a child’s place
With God as my witness, I broke the law
And had bitch ass niggas in jail washin my drawers
Hit the floors and do crazy calisthenics
Then when they try to flip they take a trip to the paramedics
Cause ain’t nothin worse than a bitch ass nigga
Talk a lot of shit, throw a punch and run
I have blood on my knife and a body on my gun
So listen up son, don’t act wild or I’ll cramp ya style with a bullet and a smile
Cause ain't nuthin worse than a bichasnigga!
Ain't nuthin worse than a bichasnigga!
Ain't nuthin worse than a bichasnigga!
Ain't nuthin worse than a bichasnigga!
Ain't nuthin worse than a bichasnigga!
That's the WORD up, you get HURT up!!!Official......Nas......niggas!
Word up
Somethin new for you

[X-1]
Hear to make moves, get mines automatically
Emphatically, rhyme master, rapidly tragedies
Guns like Butch Cassidy, nasty like Dick Dastardly
As I be gradually (distorted) like (gunshot)
Glowin, blowin, flowin, goin, fast at it like Jesse Owens
Make you throw in, the towel, I will
Do all sorts of moves through all sports
Rhymes blew all thoughts, all crews to dust, it's us
Official, Nastee, the aggy still ghastly
You triple S nigga, soft sexy and sassy
We crash, I break your cast, and yes, we get busy
I'mma do my show, get my dough, and lick titties
I'm shitty, I diarrehea on the globe
Fire flee up on your clothes
And like 'squito up on your ho
In case you didn't know, I stay free flow
Officially, this'll be your chance to see
How ill this nigga be, go figure

[Hook:]
For every nigga show me love, two niggas hate me
For every bitch that show me love, two bitches tryin to take me
For every nigga show me love, two niggas hate me

[Fredro Starr]
Yo, black dust, miraculous
Head rush, hoes blush, it's only us
Shit's lush, shit we lust, is plush, Lexus
My techs bust, your guns rust, to God trust
Walk the path righteous, priceless
Nigga you shine like ice crushed
You get your shit bust, no more to discuss
Nigga's jeal-e-ous, cuz bitches feel us
The wild, rebel-e-ous, hell yes
Niggas is whack, we pack dust
Official Nas niggas back us, can't fuck with us

[Sonsee]
Umm, my gun's wettin, like a open hydrant
Got you hidin, from shots firin, from hot iron
You gotta realize, your block's dyin
Put skis on your knees and start sliding
My clock's timin, not tryin, to see us not shinin
I'm eye blindin, hearts, hearts like a lion
You're not lyin, superstar then a dine in
Your insides cryin, rip your outside in

[Hook] (repeats)

Schemin in the back
See I'm schemin in the back

[Sticky Fingaz]
Act like you don't know, I put you in the choke hold
Rampage the logos, nigga here is loco
I still get respect if I had no dough
Sport Polo, always keep a low pro
If it's a promo, this nigga here no show
About my no low, I never drive slo-mo
Faster than Go Go, if it ain't me it's so so
Kick in your door, wavin the four four
All you hear is shots until there ain't no more
Hit you with the low blow, you can't go toe toe
I rub elbow, with niggas in cell blo', and New York City hellhole
Still in they jail clo'
Old school niggas with Kango, and shell toe
Mix hats with Hydro, and Cocoa
How you gonna fuck with my click if you can't fuck with me solo?
Checkmate, no go[Hook: Jay-Z]
Black hoodie rap, black hoodie rap
Black hoodie rap, black, black hoodie rap
This is black hoodie rap, black hoodie rap
Black hoodie rap, hoodie, hoodie, hoodie rap (x4)

[Verse 1: Fredro Starr]
When I die, fuck it I wanna go to hell
Cause I'm a hundred mad, it ain't hard to fucking tell
It don't make sense, going to heaven with the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Tims and black hoodies
Get me through the night, lookin like a grim reaper
Shut a nigga lights out, put'em in the sleeper
Plus I crypt keepers, graveyard shift like killa
And you can see murdas, just like Steve Miller
My backstreet killaz, South Side is a ghost town
Niggas try to play me, them niggas is ghost now
This is how it goes down, with black hoodie rap
We stick you up, you gotta pay to get your goodies back
This is where the hood is at, like Pac we hit'em up (hit em up) with one touch of the fully mac
Index on the hair pin trigga, go be the next nigga, back to the hook Jigga

[Hook: Jay-Z]
Black hoodie rap, black hoodie rap
Black hoodie rap, black, black hoodie rap
This is black hoodie rap, black hoodie rap
Black hoodie rap, hoodie, hoodie, hoodie rap (x2)

[Verse 2: Sticky Fingaz]
Fuck that pop shit, fuck with me you get popped quick
My guns give you a sex change, you turn to a bitch
And I don't wear skinny jeans cuz my Glocks don't fit
Fuck around try to pull out, and blow off my dick
This that shit, make you mad squinch on ya'face
How you tie niggas up try to get in their safe
Either rap too soft, or we too hard
It's that jailhouse music bang that shit in your yard
All that internet gangstas, that's the problem
Talking 'bout shooting while they're just fast in bloggin'
In the streets getting cream like Baskin-Robbins, even it mean I gotta start blastin' and robbin'
Goin' to jail for criminals like going to school, you come out a little better at the crimes you do
And when I die, don't dress me up in the suit
It's A1s, hard denim, black hoodies, I'm cool

[Hook: Jay-Z]
Black hoodie rap, black hoodie rap
Black hoodie rap, black, black hoodie rap
This is black hoodie rap, black hoodie rap
Black hoodie rap, hoodie, hoodie, hoodie rap (x2)

[Verse 3: Makem Play]
Keep a black hoodie for the strong armrobbery
Me and my gun close, that's comradery
Cold blood it runs through my vains
Fuck ya'll I know thugs, that'll run through your game
My niggas bang, on site in broad daylight, walk by and take a nigga life
See the hoodie cover my face, no need for mask, shades for the green eyes, pussy nigga I need mine
You need time, and clock's still ticking 3, 2, 1 I'mma load up my gun
Boom! Nigga face down, hands behind your back, that's some police shit, you don't know me bitch
You ever heard of Rob & Vic?
Well I'm just like them, in a form what I got is sin
Shells longer than a q-tip fuck talkin' it out, throw my hoodie on and walk in ya house, nigga

[Hook: Jay-Z]
Black hoodie rap, black hoodie rap
Black hoodie rap, black, black hoodie rap
This is black hoodie rap, black hoodie rap
Black hoodie rap, hoodie, hoodie, hoodie rap (x2)[Hook]
Onyxdomain.com, you know what it is
100 Mad niggas, you know what it is
Sticky Fingaz my dog; you know what it is
Black Rock, you already know what it is
Dro Starr in this bitch, you know what it is
Major Independents, you know what it is
My Mad Face Clique, you know what it is
Official Nast, you already know what it is

[Verse 1: Fredro Starr]
Ayo what happened New York, what, what, what happened
What happened New York, what, what, what happened
What happened to that hard shit, these punks is got garbage
For the limelight, these Niggas don't rhyme right, these dudes sound like
Computer love, computer thugs won't shoot a slug
Hip-hop Honors awards, they don't mention us
Hundred best hip-hop songs, they don't mention us
Top-ten best rap groups, they don't mention us
Hundred mad shoot up the club, let they mention us
Top five dead or alive that's my pick
Number one is Run, two is Pac, three is B.I.G., four is me, five is Stick
Cause he say the craziest shit
We the most hated, most underrated
Brought the East Coast back when the West Coast dominated
Still getting paid, the economy fucked up
On youtube rappers getting robbed and stucked up
The internet got the game in a drought
Niggas better start looking out and start looking now

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Sticky Fingaz]
If hip-hop is dead then this must be Easter, bitch
I'm bout to take that T-Pain shit and break that shit
You ain't heard me in while but probably seen me in some flicks
It's the ONYX! You don't know us just google
The most ruthless, most vicious, most brutal
Believe me dude, I bust more than rhymes
I'm a magician, I can turn yours to mine
Niggas get shot all the time it ain't no Biggie
Bust my .9 like Shyne but get away like Diddy
Dre only signed Fiddy cause he couldn't get Sticky
I'm my own boss, who you know fucking with me
Yeah right, bring em out I punch em dead in they mouth son
The rap game depression like Kanye's album
Been letting y'all run with the torch for too long
Pick your favorite rapper I'll body him up on his own song

[Hook]Aiyyo what about the hoes? (Hoes?)
Yeah you know, the hoes
This is for the nappy hoes, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Yeah, word is bond
All the hoes that wanna get scrappy, we gonna do it like this for ya
Check it one time

Chorus:
It’s just
Me and Jack, the black vagina finda (3X)
Me and Jack, it’s just me and Jack

Big DS:
I’m the mother fucker fuckin somebody’s daughter
Go down stairs, shake hands with the father
Say ya need a bag? No dad don’t bother
Excuse me mister sir but your daughter get the raw dick

Sticky Fingaz:
It’s not every day you get to be a genuine witness of the 1992 annual fuck fest
So take off your bra show ya breast, remove your dress
Yo what’s the matter hooker? Cat got ya tongue?
Or do you want my tongue to get your cat and get ya strung?
I got the whip-appeal plus chains and bats
And always wear hats when slippin into putty cats
Once it’s in there is no turnin back
Put ya feet to ya head till ya hear your bone crack
When bitches get dick they don’t know how to act
And once you black you never go back
I don’t discriminate and just leave it at that
I’m just one stinky kinky slim, not slinky
Fiddle with ya clitoris then pop your pussy with my pinky
Try to get yours, I’m tryin to get mine-a
It’s just me and Jack, the black vagina finda

Chorus:
Just
Me and Jack, the black vagina finda (3X)
Me and Jack, it’s just me and Jack

Those perverted motherfuckaz is at it again (3X)
Fuckin with a skin, fuckin with her friend

Fredro:
Mickey Billy's in like a stranger, the slick dick pussy banger, titty strangler
Rougher than a wrangler guaranteed to make ‘em bleed
They need pain for satisfaction
Big butt cheeks, the funky freaks seek action
Pimpin the hoes, smackin the hoes, leavin em on a subway
Lost without a token, can’t walk cause that ass is broken
First date veteran, better than a nympho
Sleek to the beat cause I be fuckin on tempo
Train like a trolley, lickin like a lolly
Smoke more cheeba than mother fuckin Bob Marley
Lady persuader, pink panty raider
Four times a week I get stuck in the elevator
La la, live to die, trick for the slick, I went way past the Y
Jack be nimble, Jack be quick
He got too slick, now he got a sick dick
Cause I don’t really really give a fuck
Praise the lord cause even nuns get stuck
Never play me like a burger, I’m never double cheesy
EZ-Wider, all righter
Sneaky type of fighter
Try to get yours cause I know I’ma get mine-a
Me and Jack, the black vagina finda

It's just
Me and Jack, the black vagina finda (3X)
It's just me and Jack, just me and Jack
Me and Jack (4X)

Ya don't stop
And ya don't quit
We're gonna be fuckin some bitches kid...
Word is bond...
Word, to the hoes, with the fat pussies, cunts...[Verse 1 - Fredro Starr]
Hey yeah, we're coming in
You can feel the place crumbling
Gotta tumble in
Legal back it up, nigga come again!
We're coming in
You can feel the base crumbling
Gotta tumble in
Niggas chop it up, we gotta dumb again
Son, throw your guns again
Shots for the dead and gone
Niggas that wrong, took your chain
You got dead it on
Broke killers, dope dealers what I'm rapping for
Them broke niggas, that's why I keep rapping forward
I keep rapping till get reprimanded
The way I shoot with the left, niggas think I'm left-handed
Niggas get left stranded with the tech 9
When I connect 9, leave your body ready to collect time
Never let nobody disrespect my
Rushed where you were when you hit me on your right lines
Cause anything you say can and will be used against you
And this against the shit that you don't want a nigga into

[Hook]
Powerful impact Boom, boom!
Powerful impact Boom, boom!

[Verse 2 - Sticky Fingaz]
Fuck on this stranded wing
Gun shots let it rip
I still play the blank blink
This is what you better get
Death is always settling, fuck your confederate
20 years later, same niggas, just a better whip
Ya niggas delicate, one hitch ahead and split
I don't work for penuts
I'm a tiger, not an elephant!
But for now I stay to quit just for the hell of it!
Just to bitch at asses once I call settlement
Ain't nothing changed but the Glock and the caliber
You funny ass niggas is not in my caliber
Caught me acting crazy, you can pop in the cabbage, bro
Niggas need to stop, before I caught back the hammer
I scream so much, I type in all caps
You couldn't fuck with me, if I was writing your raps
What if no gangsta said if it's feel right and [??]
Sticky Fingaz get niggas hype and all that

[Hook][Intro: Sticky Fingaz]
Where my wolves at? Yeah
Put your hoodies on, keep your face down low
Anything shining, take that shit
Give a fuck, we in the bar
Niggas, bitches, let's go!

[Fredro Starr]
Aiyyo, set it off, let it off, get it off
Get this shit wild like thugs from up north
Fights in the crowd, the shots'll jump off
Body's on the floor, blood on the dance floor
Get stuck at the bar, get robbed at the door
Dropped off at the coat tag door, take it off
Get down, face down to the ground
Kill 'em for their doe like Po from uptown
Cut your finger off, send it to your moms house
Never testify no matter how it goes down
When I bark shots you niggas'll duck down
Run up on your block, you niggas get shut down
Give it up, you don't want to try to resist
Before I hit you off, you don't wanna die for this
Un-unh, so we gon load our guns to this
Black mask, face down, motherfuckers gettin robbed to this

[Hook 2x]
Take 'em out, bring 'em out dead
Take 'em out, bring 'em out dead
Take 'em out, bring 'em out dead
One gun, two gun, three to the head

[Sonsee]
Shots'll spill, niggas think it's not for real
Make your body disappear like Copperfield
At the funeral's, don't waste no doctor bills
A lot of niggas ain't kickin shit I can feel
We gettin it down real big, that's what we doin
Give 'em the most raw, that's what we doin
The game don't understand, the world don't understand
These niggas is gun in hand, you die for these grand
Shot's from the magnum, killin the gats, smack 'em
You got it back, stab ya, with your own dagger
My sons take your 6, rope you in the closet (Hot one's!)
The one's that probably even pump the cops up
We got 'em strung with the drugs that we dealing
Or peeling, some loud niggas, thugs can feel us
And my Brooklyn killers, and my project niggas
And my brother's locked down in the jails can feel it

[Hook]

[Sticky Fingaz]
If I don't eat, fuck that everybody starve
Takin your plate like it's food time in Oz
Motherfucker, I kidnap all your kids
Before I had a record deal, what you thought I did?
Last job I had I was punching a clock
Last nigga that I tied up was up at Koch
I ain't even need a mask, I ain't bust one shot
Made 'em wire me my money right there in the spot
That's a Coneay watch, nigga take that off
That's a iced out cross, boy take that off
Know what'd happen to your daughter if I don't make that call?
Better take me to the bank and get your face plucked off
Hottest nigga in the club cause I got the heat
So run boy, run boy, one gun box with me?
So step up young'n, show me you gon do
We got big guns nigga that go "boom boom boom!"

[Hook 4x][Chorus]
To all you rappers out there
With money and fame
Rockin a foreign car
Everything brand name
Broke Willies with no money
Keep runnin yo game
Can't forget all our thugs that's locked in chains

[Fredro Starr]
We ain't have shit growin' up, now we blowin' up
Hundred G's a show, price low enough
Ghetto struck, layin in the cut
With the metal mack 11, what
No cup, sippin amaretto 7-up
The wet life, shit is liquid
My wife trippin' my whole clique got shit to whip it
Last switchin
Benz to Benz skippin, superstar hittin
Your whole world is ice rippin, you like sniffin
You like shittin, tricks trickin, rolly with the inscription
Watch a rich nigga clickin'
FROM NEW YORK TO L.A
Same shit, different day, mad cash to play
When I walk my chains swing
I drew swing hevily ill from Beverly Hills
I paid 20 g's
Damn son it better be real
We holdin your deals, its 70 mils
Eaten meals of Beverly pills
Now watch how the bubbly spills

[Chorus] (2x)

[Sticky Fingaz, (Sonsee)]

I grew up in the PJ's and wore the same gear for 3 days
Sit to get a blunk out I wanna blew a mill in the month
From a low life, the one I go shopping
Im not worried bout no price, i wear the same clothes TWICE!
Fuck the PO-LICE!
Its hydro stuff L's, six plus sells
Stones heavy on the scales themselves, X-L
Strait G's, moneys and properties
Black F-G 15's, weightin trees and OC's
We old g's always O.T.-in on a low-key
Spit more game than goldie, your bitch chose me
Suppose WE most-LY, do em slow-LY
We play 'em close-LY, stayed on city cakes, they get erase them!
A sucker for a pretty face, with a twenty waist
Whos Benz I hit two twins in a blue Ventz
And we're in destroy deals, a house flow for reals
Cause white-collar crimes equal dolla' dolla' sign!

[Chorus]

[Fredro Starr, X-1, Sonsee, Sticky Fingaz]

Yo we went from rags to riches and get pitches
With mad bitches, yo, you can get a autograph
Or one shot, from the semi-auto pass
Rap niggas flippin more then halfs
Livin it up, takin all the cash, GIVIN IT UP!
We set it up, on a low tilt it up
In the black quest, pass sex to the extress
From out the blackness, straight on the boulevard
Lookin for somethin to get my hands in
A strippers dancin in the mansion
Word up, that's how we operate
Uncut n raw
The players copping, fake cokies stepped on twice
Put your money on the street niggas under the light
And hold your money tight
Kids to die, raze em up, and roll 'em twice
Even rich nigga ass better so trife
We'll gamble mo off yo life
True i couldn't see well
Flip my p12, rover key to the e-mail
Wish a hundred tell, g'd out, I walk the hog, I beat jail
Yall gotta each tell, kick back, relax, word up
Nigga laid up
Bills paid up
Shit is all sunny when he pulled up in a 4-20
We throw these cats on the sideline, lookin all funny
Gettin no money, cause they every day clownin
We play around with thousands, a hundred g's where we countin
A hundred G's a show, here we're out kid
(word up word up)

[Chorus] (2x)[Intro]
You know why we here, you know what we came to do

[Hook]
When I go buc buc, you better buc back
(Buc buc buc buc. Buc buc buc buc)
Put yo middle fingers up, niggas say fuck that
(Fuck that, fuck that! Fuck that, fuck that!) [x2]

[Verse 1: Fredro Starr]
We should pop off, niggas ain't never around
We pop off, we don't care whoever's in town
Never trust us, never us if the cops ask questions
Neva trust a nigga, even pop my best friend
Your end's coming near, your niggas coming here
With that tough guy shit, the tough die quick
So wake the fuck up from the dead, you bitch niggers
Or get your hair done, roll with the vicious wig splitters
The kick-back from the pistol will break your wrist
I'll put you six feet in the ground and take a piss
I'm disrespectful, yeah, I'm known to fuck you
I know a couple niggas that will kill you for a buck or two
For five bucks they get loud as fuck
Five years on the allen, can't survive the cuts
So buc back, put yo midle fingers niggas up
And fuck that if you feel just like me

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Sticky Fingaz]
When I buc back, y'all niggas running like bitches
Im like fuck that, always keep a gun in my bridges
It's none of your business, nigga, where the fuck Sticky been?
I show up at your place of business with fifty men
Betta let Sticky in, 'fore I get ticked off
Pockets get ripped off, jewelry slipped off
I screw face niggas when I walk by them
Those two faced niggas, don't even try it
Cause niggas know, I ain't taking it short
Fuck a witness, he won't even make it to court
Yeah, Fort Vaine, Vic Houses Ground-ville
From here on out, nigga, it's all downhill
My four pound fill heavy like a motherfucker
And you don't wanna test it
So when I go buc buc you better buc back
I hope you get the message!

[Hook](Buck 'em)

[Snoop Dogg]
Damn this shit sound low then motherfucker in my earphones
Alright, yeah that's it right there nigga

[Verse 1]
As soon as the bass hits your dome
Snoop Dogg grabs the chrome
And gets in your system
Shootin off rhymes like a pistol
Fuckin your click off with this blow
This ho, that ho make me rich
Snoop Dogg please won't you break that biach
I'm back in the game gettin my dough
And fuck any motherfucker that say it ain't so
Do it to em be young
Cause on the real dogg you the hardest nigga we um
We shakin em off, breakin em off
Shot him in his face and now they takin him off
Here's a shoutout to those with quad out
Fool we should have got out, now you gettin popped out
I'm not out to diss but to get my chips
And smash, pass with cash
And blaze the spliff now pass the fifth
For real nigga did you hear me, ya heard
You ran up and got served, ha ha
Now ain't that a trip (what what)
You need to get up off of that bullshit
C'mon

[Hook: Sticky Fingaz]
(Buck 'em, Buck 'em)
Young beast to four green
Dirty or clean nigga the money is all green
(Buck 'em, Buck 'em)
Cock it back ya know me
Every nigga look the same behind a stocking cap
(Buck 'em, Buck 'em)
Shit on waisted
Rather see death then be locked down in metal bracelets
(Buck 'em, Buck 'em)
Don't make a difference
Niggas in the hood is still broke and can't fix it

[Verse 2]
(Buck em), the scene is set (set)
And it's a million bitch niggas bout to straight get wet
I walk em all in the street
(Buck em), I cuff they hands and blind they eyes and hog tie they feet
(Buck em), with no remorse nigga cut em down
Love the way we shut em down, shit it ain't funny now
Used to be my buddy pal, nigga wet and bloody now
Nigga where your homies now, half them niggas funny style
(Buck em), it's bout to get shitty now
Doggy bout to get him now cause you better sit him down
Nigga what up now, you act like a bitch
You bound to get fucked you trick ass snitch
(Buck em), boy we on a rampage
Rippin up this damn stage, yeah it's still a G thang
Slammin doors, slappin hoes
Cuz fuck videos, I get a hundred for shows
If you ain't got the papers
I ain't got the time to sit and chat about the motherfucking vapors
Biach, don't even trip
You need to raise up off of that bullshit
C'mon

[Hook]

(Buck' em)This is to my niggas up in here with they fucking shorties and
Shit...your girls...your wifies and shit...this is to them niggas...

[Intro]
Victoria don't know how to keep a secret
Like a nigga need pussy, a bitch need dick
Statistics show that out of every ten hoes
Whether married or in love done cheating before
And if they did it once, they'll probably do it again
Turn your back, Jerry Springer style, screwinh your friend
And that alone's enough to make any niggas furious
Nigga you wasn't hitting it right, maybe she's just curious

You all serious, your girl all giggling
Cause she know I'm right, somebody slid up in that clitoris
(somebody slid up in that clitoris)
(somebody slid up in that clitoris)

[Verse 1 - Sticky Fingaz]
How to know if your girl cheating
Does she go out every weekend?
Freaking, you and her hardly speaking
She hang with hoes, and you hate them chicks
Leave the club around Three, don't get home 'till Six
Probably met some nigga, she ain't going home
Claim the battery died on her mobile phone
You found a number, she swear she don't know who's it is
She know more niggas than you in the music biz
You try to talk to her, but she's in her own world
On the phone with some nigga, acting like it's her home girl
You don't think your girl got bones in her closet?
Bring it up she starts an argument and change the topic

[Hook]
Aiyo, turn it up, and take a look at your bitch
If she smiling somebody stuck a dick in your bitch
Now think about when you're not around, who she be with?
And think about the bullshit you got away with

[Verse 2 - Sticky Fingaz]
You better pay attention now, or you gon' cry later
Middle of the night, a nigga blowing up her skypager
You can't hear it though, she got it on vibrator
She be creeping cause you think she gon' violate her
When you having sex is she already sore?
Did the pussy feel like it was tighter before?
Is she getting gifts she couldn't hardly afford?
Been together four months and she already bored?
If your girl is cheating with her legs open wide
You never know, she could be playing from both sides
She could be playing with another chick G
Cause nowadays all bitches ain't strictly dickly

[Hook] (2x)

[Talking to girl]
Aiyo...
(Huh?...)
Let me ask you somethin'...
(Yeah?...)
You love me?
(Yeah I love you)
Huh...yeah right...

[Outro] (2x)
It was just sex, probably ain't mean nothing to her
It was just sex, it was just a fuck to her
No emotion, no love, no feelings inside
It was only one time, it was only one night[Intro: Fredro Starr]
Ugh, yeah word up word up
Ugh-huh.Ugh-huh
Yeah yeah
Word Up
Yo, it's one for the struggle
Two for the pain
Three for the niggas with the bullets in their brains
Word Up braat
O.N.Y.X and Slums Attack
Yo, yo

[Verse 1: Fredro Starr]
Ayo, the first time I got to Poland
I saw the cops patrolling blocks emotional cold as same
As the as the blocks in ocean
Brooklyn was just ready to took a look on the niggas in the wrong way
Several hours come out to be a long way
Long days turned out into shorter nights, because all my life I have to fight
In order to survive, escape from self-suicide
Gats up, to the sky, burned on the hip
Hollow tips for the politics
Niggas better learn quick
Real recognize real
Hip-Hop, respect that, salute
Eyes red, ready to shoot
Bulletproof, the mic buff
My Nike boots, are shopped off
Slums Attack, guns react
With automatics cause an ave
I'm making back up
Sixteens in the clip
Sixteens when I spit
Sixteens in the whip
One for the trouble
Two for the pain
Three for the niggas with bullets in their brains

[Hook: TEWU]
Dziewięćdziesiąte lata, odległe miejsca, on słucha!
Oni wykonują, łączy ich hip-hop sztuka
On drapie płyty, próbuje tworzyć, igły zdziera!
Hip-hop elementy, każdy z nich dziś pożera show!
Koncerty, teledyski, bariera marzeń
Ludzie z pasją doprowadzają do tych zdarzeń
Tworzą historie, O.N.Y.X, TEWU, SLU, wspólny projekt

[Verse 2: Peja]
Rozpoznaj combo z La Bomby, nagrany jakiś czas temu
Colabo SLU, ONYX, człowieku nic złego nie mów
Kilka lat temu pamiętam, z Darkiem lot przez Atlantyk
Ten pierwszy raz miałem ciarki, spełniam marzenia z braćmi
Ten pierwszy wylot do stanów, widok wieżowców projecty
Zamurowało pięć dzielnic, oto wizyt efekty
Tworzę historię, powiedzmy, mamy dziś dużo szczęścia
Od dziecka słuchałem rapu, chciałem ten rap napieprzać
Dziś wspólnie z braćmi na scenie, złączeni porozumieniem
Rap stał się naszym tłumaczem, rap to me przeznaczenie
A Bacdafucup natchnieniem, do życia grałem pirata
93 ważna data, wtedy powstał Slums Attack
W walkmanie bez przerwy latał Fredro i Sticky
Ciężkie czasy dla clicki, chodziłem zły i przybity
Dzisiaj profity i hity, nagrania dają nam kopa
Zapamiętaj to chłopak, sen możesz zrealizować!

[Hook: TEWU]
Dziewięćdziesiąte lata, odległe miejsca, on słucha!
Oni wykonują, łączy ich hip-hop sztuka
On drapie płyty, próbuje tworzyć, igły zdziera!
Hip-hop elementy, każdy z nich dziś pożera show!
Koncerty, teledyski, bariera marzeń
Ludzie z pasją doprowadzają do tych zdarzeń
Tworzą historie, O.N.Y.X, "Slam" SLU, wspólny projekt

[Verse 3: Sticky Fingaz]
I murder, I murder, I murdering on the beat
Now turn the lights so everybody see
I'm not to be, not to be, not to be fuck with!
One time you figured it out, it's too late bitch!
I shoot rappers up, ha-ptfu spit them out!
I got choppers in waiting boy, don't let me send them out!
So many guns that I'm own, that I can't read them out!
Trust me dog, you don't wanna my name in your mouth!
I'm dot on their foes, they have dot on their clothes
You nothing but 0s, you gonna be fuckin' exposed!
Got the whole crowd tryna to see me up on their toes!
You get swish G's out, I'm leaving nothing but holes!
I'm man in depress with, one hand on a Dessert
In the land of desperate, I'm the man you shouldn't mess with!
I'm live for war, you die in peace
And when it comes to Sticky Fingaz nigga is zajebisty!

[Bridge: Tewu]
To historia, brak granic, to, to Colabo!
Ocean, zderzenie, fali rymów, Colabo!
Ziemia, powietrze, pióro Colabo!
Nuty, szacunek, one love, Colabo!
To historia, brak granic, to, to Colabo!
Ocean, zderzenie, fali rymów, Colabo!
Ziemia, powietrze, pióro Colabo!
Nuty, szacunek, Hip-Hop, Colabo!
[Scratches]