[Intro: Hopsin]
All I hear is ladi dadi, dadi dadi, dadi dadi, dadi dada

[Hook: Hopsin]
Ain't gotta explain myself to no nigga, I don't have to change
Who the fuck I am, dawg, hell nah, that just ain't me
Don't worry 'bout the moves I make, we can really take it there if we have to
All I hear is ladi dadi, dadi dadi, dadi dadi, dadi dada

[Verse 1: Dizzy Wright]
They calling me the fly guy general, everything is memorable
Marijuana keep me at my pinnacle
Look, lucky me, I got two nougies that's identical
Me stayin' away from all the nicotine and chemicals
Look, I hit my west coast 1-2, cause lyrics do what guns do
Niggas doing what they want to, like this is what it's come to?
Come and witness lives you see me saving
DDT, you break your neck before I break my concentration
Mention the best, motherfuckers better come correct (right!)
Respected on the West, no doubt I'm here to finesse (right!)
Got problems? Hit me direct or get hit with the kill switch
And see, Dizzy go 0 to 100 real quick

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
Look, Z to the third, I prefer to observe
Been on the sideline for a minute, now I'm 'bout to emerge
Separated myself from losers tryna take what I earn
Put my faith in this music knowing nothing's easy deserved, I got racks baby
You haven't noticed, I've been working on these tracks lately
Stacking this ammo just in case these niggas act crazy
I got my eyes wide open, putting this plan in motion, plotting how when I'm smoking
Forget about it, your vision's clouded and the truth is shrouded
And bullshit, so, all that gossip, we can do without it
I'm SwizZzleFish, who wants to skinny dip and take a swim?
The water's warm, I promise, darling, take that off and jump on in, yeah

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jarren Benton]
I'm spitting the illest autobiography, could body your arteries
Name a motherfucker hard as me
I outta be mentioned with the Greek mythology gods
I beat and body the odds, his feet is by the garage
His head inside a duffel bag that's in back of my Dodge
Mr. Benton, ho, I refuse to be pigeonholed, with these imbeciles
A space ace that's been on, bitch, I been gone
I finger these hoes till I get carpal tunnel syndrome
I rap like I don't wanna go back in that basement
Cook up murder material, get blood on my apron
You don't want no problems, what the brass knuckle done
I'm a bully, I don't care to watch these fags guzzle cum
Gat with the bracket that the strap buckle on
Dr. Lecter in this bitch with that black muzzle on
Fuck the industry! Chip on my shoulder, bitch, remember me?
I'm 'bout to murder all my enemies, Hail Mary!

[Verse 4: Hopsin]
Sorry if I come off conceited
I'm dropping killer bars till you niggas all deleted
This lil' microphone, I'm known to eat it
The moment that I succeeded
It was hard to keep the bitches off my penis
Can you believe it?
I been perceived this, a motherfucking omen
Rap Trojan, Hulk Hogan, patrollin'
I ain't here to take no shit from no man
Got a problem with you, I'mma say it, bitch, you know it
I'm Conan, I stroll in
Looking like a monster when I go in
Standing up against me, you got no chance
Tryna play the game without a token, you niggas gotta be joking
This is the reason my niggas the dopest, we on it

[Hook][Verse 1: Jarren Benton]
I eat rappers, save skeleton bones
Welcome to the jungle bitch I ride an elephant home
Get to slapping mother fuckers, get the hell out my throne
Start foaming at the mouth like what the hell am I on
This that DJ Hoppa, Jarren's the new teeny bopper
Face fucking bitches, nice guy wipe the semen off her
Hit the exit bitch, head was my prerequisite
These get to spinning on the Chevy like the exorcist
Lifestyle's reckless, snatch a nigga's necklace
Stunting for my friends like "Watch a nigga check this bitch"
"Hey bitch, you better have my mother fucking money by Thursday"
"I'm sorry mom just go with it, I'm trying to act hard in front of my friends"
Back to murdering wizard shit like Merlin
Stick a javelin through your abdomen fucking nerves of them
Probably didn't occur to them that Jarren's about to murder them
SK will reacquaint you niggas with the earth again
So keep yapping and that gat's squirting
My girlfriend is in the Klan but unaware that she's a black person
Hop on the plane wearing a black turban "I'm a terrorist"
Not a real one idiot, the rap version
A-town's finest, bitches popping out my bathtub like
"The royal penis clean, your heiness"
Moment of silence for my nigga that passed
If I pick this bitch up she gotta fill up my gas
Cut to the chase you fucking if I give you some cash
DJ Hoppa on the beat so niggas know we gonna spaz
Razor blade Benton bitch I wouldn't play with him
And we sharing needles bitch you about to catch AIDS with them

[Verse 2: Dizzy Wright]
Crazy thoughts getting lost in my membrane, that's what I get for being outspoken
Observing I can always sense things, speaking how you thinking with your mouth open
It's a party when I'm crashing on the set
So high I'm accidentally ashing on my chest
These MILF bitches keep on asking me for sex
So I tried the shit but I ain't never happy to reflect
Gotta learn to live with regrets
You not giving up the neck, you probably single with a pet
We all know the bitches that be sleeping with a cat
Sneaky bitch got me sneaking out and leaving through the back
If that wasn't an option would you back it up and drop it
Fuck around and trap me in the closet
Stacking like I'm Jerry Stackhouse coming out of college
If you coming out your panties I ain't coming out my wallet
Bitch I'm watching you
Doing that thirsty shit on Twitter gonna be the reason I unfollow you
She say that it's important to me
But good pussy good weed, that's normal to me
You need game I got it bro
Perform to acheive
It was a day contract she been on for weeks
These bitches heating up when they be cold in the streets
Turning bitches out that's older than me

[Verse 3: SwizZz]
See when you show love it gets reciprocated
I see it as flattery when I'm imitated
Invested a couple thou' when I renovated
Turned my bedroom into a studio and orchestrated
My plan to make a living off this rap shit
To pay back more than a fraction
Of what I owe to everyone that help me see it through or make it happen
Won't be long before we cash in, living outward I imagine
Exactly how I planned it
A couple handouts but I tripled what I was handed
It gets quite easy distinguishing who was candid
Some homies lost faith and sooner or later vanished
Damnit, Fuck it, I ain't tripping over spilled milk
So fuck it, when times are hard I'm willing to help
I better myself so I can better everyone else
Around me, San Fernando, Los Angeles County
Just thought I'd mention the home base
Disrespectful niggas get stomped like home plate
Still taking jack shots, ramu, no chase
8 shot in and still ok, it don't stop
Pour another till I'm feeling woozy
Even the bitches acting bougie
Uncapable of starring in they home movie
With a few scenes, a couple in the bed, then backyard jacuzzi
Making additions to two Zs
And we're straight like the face your girl gave
When she lied about being laid
DJ Hoppa let the record spin and rotate
F-U-N-K Volume biatch!

[Verse 4: Hopsin]
This is what I'm giving you, funky shit to listen to
Came up in the underground and now you trying to mimic who?
Ain't familiar with this flavor, homie I'll reintroduce
Taking it back to when S-N-Double O-P had dropped that gin and juice
Give me a minute to
Fuck up your mental with a pencil over this instrumental that’s how a menace do
I'm launching missles, it's simple to cripple
I got a bite like a pitbull, that's why they love me and they ain't feeling you
My life is a tightrope that I walk carefully
So many bitches on my dick I need therapy
My girl walking out I'm trying to grab her screaming "[Sarah] please
You said you loved me I thought you would be there for me"
I lift the bullshit then Hopsin makes the parodies
My man's so famous he could hook me up with a pair of jeans
And a gangster rap shirt with a snapback
It makes my past easier to laugh at
If you a hater then you need to get your ass slapped
You don't wanna see me cross your path like a black cat
I'm everything that your ass lacked
FV nigga and that's that
I call names, if you respond that's a fat trap
Remember me the ugly fucking nigga with the mad rap
A sinister's what I've been known to be
And you know I'm about to kill this shit with Hoppa on the beat[Produced by M16]

[Intro]
Oh my fucking god
Oh my fucking god DANIEL
Turn the fucking nigger music off
TURN IT OFF

[Verse 1: Jarren Benton]
Yeah, I'm an Apex predator, I murder my competitors
I stick a Wu-Tang sword inside of ya retina
Pre-leaded yeah I guzzle regular unleaded gas
Strike a match, spit fire, mu'fucka burn in hell with us
Inhaling dust, I rip off an elephant's tusk
Irrelevant fucks, you want a war against us
We just tore this bitch up
Get the coroner I slaughter ya
My dick don’t discriminate, I pork a big slut
We've created a monster!
The son of Lucifer come to ruin ya, put the Ruger
To ya thermonuclear get that new career
Take your fucking head as a souvenir
Wake up in the morning; what the fuck am I doing here?
I'm the shit in the booth, take a poop in here
Aluminum bat now got his fucking Lumineers
Fuck brakes we don't stop keep moving here
Fuck swag, yeah bitch my whole crew is weird
Yeah, you couldn't fathom my pain
I hated being me, I was mad at my brain
All the hurt that I felt, made me sad and insane
Look back like God I was glad I felt strange
Fuck trying to change for you faggot ass lames
Or you fucks who wouldn't let me get a stab at this game
Now it's FV bitch and I'm back for revenge
'Bout to make you mu'fuckas feel the wrath of my pain

[Hook]
I can't eat, I can't sleep
Why should I give a fuck about what you believe?
If I don't eat, then I don't breathe
They gon' let me in this bitch
God damn I'm about to
Go off (3x)
Until they let me in this bitch
Go off (3x)
And they gon' let me in this bitch

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
Yo bitch in a dress, I'm about to make a mess
Cutthroat, throw up fuckin' snap like a neck
I pull your card out, and stick it back in the deck
Bought a ticket to your show to throw trash at your set
Get bapped with a left if you step like a -- frat dude
Tell me why your older sister has a -- tattoo
Of a zodiac, stamped on her lower back
Perhaps she swallows cum and sucks cock like a VACUUM!
Right? Right, I hit it on the mark
Cuban, I’m going off like a broken car alarm
Feta, Gouda, Cheddar, Provolone, Parmesan
'Til we after that cheese no pizza; Papa John
Like Hakeem Olajuwon we gon' rap it up the ladder
'Til we posted like a status bringing hell to all you faggots
And pussy niggas thinkin' braggin' enjoy the fuckin' baddest
Compete in the pageant and I’ll move to Cali and start acting
Made a mistake and had to find myself
Remind myself, fame ain't wealth
Pain don't last, learn to adapt and it's hard to fail
I can give a fuck 'bout no one else
Loyal to the fam and the team we built
Still I rise, what up 'Pac
If I fall, be a very long drop, yep

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Hopsin]
Hey Mr. Benton I came here to rip shit
Got the whole neighborhood waitin' to get this
Niggas better run, it ain't safe in the trenches
It's going down like I'm paying Satan a visit
Wack ass swag niggas, they get suspended
Don't play with the wicked, my hate is intended
I’m in the bathroom, gettin' brain from a midget
She got a fat booty but her face is horrendous!
Yeah, you rap but we the realest who have done it
If you want us on a track, then we killin' you up on it
Like we took a fucking javelin and ran it through your stomach
This is Swizzle, Benton and Hop, we figured you would want it
Dizzy in the clouds, too high to rap now
FV turn it up I like the track loud
You gettin' out of line, we provide the smack-down
I’m so motherfuckin' hyped I could pass out, WOAH
I remember when I was the nigga chillin' in the background
Considered a wack clown, gettin' turned down for deals
Livin' up in my mom's crib with a sad frown
There was days were I wanted to give up and just crumble
But I didn't do it, I just stuck to my hustle
I learned if you want to turn heads in the world
Then you can't give a fuck, go nuts 'til they love you!

[Hook]

Until they let me in this bitch
And they gon' let me in this bitch[Verse 1: Hopsin]
So I'm a flop? Nah, that's where you guys are wrong
I shit on niggas, that's why I rap with a diaper on
Don't be approaching me with none of your mess
Talking 'bout where I belong
Just tell your friends all bout me and sit
And watch as they minds get blown
Niggas on that basic shit, now I'mma go ape a bit
I know y'all prayed for this, so don't trip
Here's a handkerchief for your razored wrists
My flows got a few ways to switch
Niggas act hard, I'mma change the script
Everybody begging to be a buddy of mine
Cause they know I got skills y'all can't prevent
When I lace a hit you impressive, none
You can take it as a lessson, son
If you was smart, you'd drop the mic and
Try to stick up a bank with a weapon drawn
Pillow Man was slept upon
That's the reason the West was gone
But I set the bomb, when it blows up
You niggas will now where the heck I'm from
I'm keeping it raw fo' sho', flow's so diabolical
You all should know that it took like 10 whole years
Just for my balls to grow
No overnight success, I'm struggling just to write this mess
The road to rightousness was more than words and skill that I possess

[Hook]
I was the nigga all you niggas used to clown
Now when I come around, I got you motherfuckers like "Wow!"
Yeah, how you like me now?
I'm flossin all you nigga's like BLAOW!
How you like me now, motherfucker?
How you like me..
How you like me now, motherfucker?
How you like me..
Ay yo Let me see you clown, motherfuckers
Let me see..
How you like me now, motherfuckers
How you like me...

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
S-W-I-Z-Z and add another
My swagger makes your girl want to cut, like upper
I'm mad hot, dog, my 16s should come with mustard
If you think I have a big head, then you haven't see my brother!
Stacked bad niggas swore I wouldn't make it rappin'
Promised it couldn't happen and hated with a passion
A mixtape later I silenced their laughing
Now the same ones would probably suck my dick if I asked 'em
Its obvious I have it locked like CAPS
Rocking to a bitch fight beat that slaps
I do it major, Poly Sci & Bio
I dont have haters only fans in denial
Now gimme a minute to hop in my zone, I'm making 'em pop like Mary
I'm rocking the party to act all retarded, I'm making 'em pop like cherries
I know this nigga is wild, but I will knock him down
Just answer this question for me:
How you like me, how you like me now?

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Hopsin]
Oh, so you wanna be cool? You wanna be pals?
You wanna be closest friends?
See a nigga so hot, that's why I'm popping up
Like I'm toaster bread
I say shit that don't get said
That's why I can't roll with feds
Illuminati got they eye on me
And they gonna see to it that a nigga don't get fed
My purpose ain't hard to see
I pull up on rappers like "pardon me
Your bars are weak, you spend too much time
Tryina get your sparkling charm to bling"
I be kickin them multiple syllables
Ripping up shows and holding my genitals
Get a dose of the wicked flow before your niggas run up
Saying "Homie, you should've known"
It's crazy how life can switch
I ain't gonna lie to you mine was shit
Not anymore, shit changed up
From woman selection to size of tits
I know bitches who can ride the dick
Niggas who think that my eyes are sick
Showing them many agents who be loving
The melodies that I supply them with
I gotta a note for all y'all
In the rap game who got an album stacking dough
Y'all got big, chains'll start falling off like Michael Jackson's nose
Who the illest? Yall know
Hopsin, yeah, bravo
I'm 'bout to leave the building right now
AbadeAbade that's all folks

[Hook][Verse 1: Hopsin]
Save yourself and make way for hell, I'm leaving haters dealt
Chopped up and laid across a conveyor belt
Got some Febreze to take away the smell
Sick of my curious neighbours
Coming up to my front door to ring the bell
Being famous ruined all of my plans
Should have thought in advance
When I'm outside, I'm a target for fans
Now I gotta walk through the mall with a mask
Talk to your man just like I got a stick caught up my ass
You see I no longer have a life
Just a nasty appetite
Searchin' pornographic sites
Lookin' up hermaphrodites
Filthy when I grab the mic
Look at all this madness
I bring to these other MC's
Ye, it's a tragic site
Strap you in the car, hit the gas to the max
Hit it straight into a wall
Jump out last minute so you crash in it
Cops will find your body and your wallet
With no cash in it
Ye, I'm that wicked, fuck a nice guy
Your ass trippin'
The next rapper to tell me I'm corny's gonna die gory
Or spun in a 540 off of five stories
And splat in a lot full of by-standers
And that's gon' happen to anybody
Who ain't living by my standards
I’m the magnificent black militant rap villain
My craft’s diligent so these cats mimic it
Cash is mad long like the shaft that I smash women with
And I was half asleep in my pad when my ass scribbled this
Ye, Funk Volume

[Verse 2: Jarren Benton]
Throw a load of laundry in this bitch
Hey yo, I snort the same 'caine as Whitney
I cut open my skull and told the doc
"Bitch, this brain don't fit me"
You wonder why a nigga's so deranged and empty
Sharpen a toothbrush, stick the blade through your kidney
And they be like
"Hopsin, why the hell is he on Funk Volume?"
Yeah I get it, eat a dick bitch, fuck all you
While you was talking shit on that laptop
We were selling out shows and stackin' up mad gwop
Funk Volume, nigga, got the game on padlock
You was raped by your uncle and mad cause your dad watched
Now all he do is hide behind the mouse
The only time he leave his house
To put dick inside his mouth
Bitch, you should practice more suicide
Your life's pathetic, do us all a favor dude and die
Nigga, no one believes you
You should kill your mom cause she's the dumb bitch that conceived you
Uh, and real nigga's don't relate to you
When I get to heaven I'm slapping God for creatin' you
When I go to hell I'm killing Satan for waitin' for you
You incapable, to take it to where I take it, dude
And life's great, bitch, I'm feeling fine
Your girl's backstage giving us the ill mind
Hooray for the tough guy on twitter
You so gay you shit condoms and ejaculate glitter
And fuckin' with my clique, dog, is danger
Numb my right arm and I give myself a stranger
You can hate, but it's bad for your health
Here, take the spiked bat, bitch, fuck yourself
BITCH

[Verse 3: Dizzy Wright]
Uh, I heard a hater calling me a liar
I took him to the laundromat and shoved 'em in a dryer
Anybody steppin' to us steppin' straight into a fire
It's that Wu-Tang thirty-six chambers shit, partner
Twenty-one and active, one year, two tours
Only 702 rapper that ever made it this far
But this for the doors that I opened up for Vegas
I'm penetrating, history in the making
You like Denzel in action, you probably a good guy
But we only see you actin'
I see the laziness and I can sense the lack of passion
I'm confident cause I was always comfortable with practice
Lemme get at 'em, grab a rapper by his throat
He make a dis, I kick his fucking adams apple down his throat
He thought it was a joke
Clowns hide behind posts until we tied 'em to the boat
And dragged his ass across the coast
Now I done spoken my approach a little different
He seen Hop' dissin so he figured he could get it
But it's hard to be a rapper when you don't fit the descriptions
So you tried to be a target and only became a victim
Nigga

[Verse 4: SwizZz]
Look, went on a nation wide tour now I'm back in the West
Actin' a mess, cougar huntin', getting moms to undress
Showing their breasts, soaking wet, begging me to have sex
While daughters doing the same thing, flashin' her chest
It's a family affair, losing my sanity here
Tryna cope liquored up, mixin' the dark and the clear
I'm gettin' buzzed like a sub reading Vanity Fair
Debate getting a sex change pretending I care
But I should but, fuck, I'm trying to butt fuck
A tranny and lucked up or get my nuts sucked
From the back, at a bar in a bathroom stall
While Mr. Benton got the GoPro directing it all
Gimme a call if you wanna chat
I'm in the lab, breaking bad, cooking mounds of crack
SwizZzle Wright, nigga
Missed the first two but got another strike, nigga
Three Z's, grab a sleeping bag, goodnight niggas[Intro]
Hello Hopsin... Word on the streets is that you're crazy... And I honestly believe you are

[Verse 1: Hopsin]
Listen, if I was really crazy I'd run up inside an orphanage
And torment kids, and beat babies faces with bags of oranges
Fake my origin and tell people that I was born to sin
I'd go back to filming molested porn again (Yeahhh)
I would murder a nigga then steal his body from whatever morgue it's in
And take it back to an alley to torture it
Study all of the Freddy Krueger, Michael Myers, and Chuckie horror flicks
(Baby is that a knife that you have in your hand?) Of course it is!
I'd run around crazy like the Afghans do in some black camp boots wearin' a fuckin' Batman suit
And scream at bitches like I'm Fatman Scoop (C'MERE!)
And tell them to take a deep breath cause this will be their last chance to
I'd hate on everyone who's sane and gifted (Yup)
Then claim that my brain is missing while sniffing cocaine
And then cut my dick for the Pain Olympics
If I was crazy I would go pick up the mic and use it
And tell Dwayne Carter that I really like his music (Shit)

[Hook]
But I'm not crazy
I'm just a tad bit strange
I can't control the thoughts that always travel through my brain
Oh no, not my fault
So don't blame me
I swear to you that I'm not really crazy
(Ah!)
Crazy
(Ah!)
Crazy

[Verse 2: Cryptic Wisdom]
If I was manic I probably woulda neglected my responsibilities and made society respect it
I'd walk around in a dress and a can of gas
And blow up a mothafucka for laughing with half a match
Dig up all the baby cadavers and grab a basket
And shoot them through every window of every crib that I'm passing
I'd probably be back a couple hours later to fuck 'em with every bottle
I cut up within my labor
Take a breather, make a haste of it and bounce
Toward the house it's adjacent of and chase everyone out
And take em down
Tell them I'm the devil and I'm claiming everybody for a battle that's crazier than my brain is
Grab a chainsaw, blow the fuckin' dust back
Leave it all and still ready me a new blood bath
Run back to the psyche ward
Check my perimeter and get in before they knew that I left

[Hook]

[Verse 3: SwizZz]
Yo, I won't lie, I'm not as crazy as glue
But if I was let me describe all the bullshit I would do
I'd jack off with sandpaper while I'm watching the View
Picturing Whoopi bald headed stroking cock with her boobs!
I'll throw babies in dryers
Strangle tweakers that fidgit
Contract HIV willfully, just to purposely give it
I'd mug mothers on wellfare
Swim in gallons of gas
Meander to the batting cage and use my dick for a bat! (SHIT!)
If I was derranged, I'd cop me a chain
Make it rain like Washington and throw a stripper some change
Make her work it on the floor, pussy pop on a handstand
Lick her dirty snatch and film it all on my webcam (Oh yeah!)
Honestly I'd be itching for gunplay
I'll cock the .45 and shoot up church on a Sunday
I'll hi-jack a plane while it's still on the runway
Grope the stewardess and take the passengers' chump change!

[Hook][Dizzy Wright]
Yo, yo, swi-swi-swi, SwizZzleFish
Let's get 'em, lets get 'em
Let's fuckin get em, let's get em
Uh

[Hook: Dizzy Wright] x2
Who's bringing the flavor to your ear
Which one of you ladies gon make it disappear (disappear)
Who got the ganja? Know me, me time’s near (times near)
You niggas had a chance now we're taking it from here
Funk Volume (volume, volume)

[Verse 1: Dizzy Wright]
Somebody should’ve told ‘em I was next
The nigga disrespected, I had to hold him by his neck
Sometimes these niggas need to be put in check
See, sometimes these niggas can’t comprehend respect
They say I’m out of line, but you niggas is not around
How you scorin’ points when you standin’ out of bounds?
In other words, how you gettin’ money and you ain’t keeping it real?
With no skills, playin’ the field like you not a clown
I guess somebody should put the target on the fans
Support the bullshit and you a part of the scam
The million-man march, my grandaddy sellin’ grams
Learned the game from a pimp (he just becoming a man, goddamn)
Tattoo's all over my dark skin (my dark skin)
I ain't trippin I'm building on small wins
I know myself, so I told myself I'm all in
For the record and the cars we just evolving (woo-haa)

[Hook]

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
ZZz'ed up!
Look
It's no conincidence they nervous when they see us comin'
I'll kick down your door and put an end to your fuckin' function
I ain't tryna make friends with all these rap niggas (nahh)
I rather get tea-bagged on top of cat-litter (wauw)
The only thing I fear is idle time…
So I’m back on my grizzly with the Valley state of mind
I put my all into this motherfuckin’ game…
And learn from every loss, so when I lose, it’s still a gain
Dizzy, these fools are lame – it’s obvious, but it’s unaddressed
It's sad the fans got accustomed to accepting less
I can see the clear picture even from the upper decks
So I dumb it down to make it easy for these fools to connect
We’re bringin’ that funky flavor, that new major
F-U-N-K V-O-L-U-M-E spells danger
To all you pussy footing rappers come and hear me out
FV is that clique (clique)
Something like a mouse (aha-ha-haaaaa)

[Hook][Verse 1: Grampa Alex]
Guess I'm first up to bat -
'Bout to hit a homerun: Babe Ruth the track
I'm a smooth talker, like a diplomat
I gotta chase this dream 'til it's where I'm at
Kill everything, shoot from the iliac
They'll remember what I write, like the Iliad
Kick back, have a chat with the abstract maniac, 'til he snaps and you get trapped, better get back!

Got a problem with these rappers blowing up
Real recognize real, you ain't showing up
Never been real, you were only showing off
God all on my side, so I'm going off
Murdering the track like a hitman
I'm just trying to do my best to make a hit, man
Everybody go insane when I be chopping, can't believe what they be hearing when I flow it like this, man! Ah!

Hungry for the fame, I could just eat a beat
Cause I'm out of my mind, call me B.o.B
Or maybe Nicki, hah
Watch what you say to me
Cause I don't fool around, I don't fear nobody but G-O-D

See I, Relapse and Recover
Then go Berzerk on another
Yo, but my rhymes ain't Shady
No, I don't be undercover
I say it out in the open
Even if it sounds like I'm braggin'
In this rap Game of Thrones
I'm one of the last of the dragons
Out

[Verse 2: Excursion]
Verse two, you already knew
Excursion, I'm brand new
Hopped up on this verse, like I ran through
Damn, I even gained a couple fans, too
You let a man loose
Who could hand you
A verbal grandstand like I'm Wilkes Booth
You got the chills, boo?
Got the chills, too?
This is what lyrical skills can do

When they appeal to you
And they feel it, too
I'm the biggest catch, are you gonna reel it, too?
My rhymes in the bank, I'ma steal it, too
I'm just trying to make some bank with a deal or two
Let's break it down
Let's get it started
I'll show you how I drain the market
You take a deal, throw it in the garbage
Hold up, flow's about to get retarded

In '96, I was born a psycho
Cause sometimes, I just wanna fight a dike ho
With a rifle strapped to my Mongoose bike, though
I might just explode on this tight flow
I'm white, yo, so it'll be quite a sight, bro
It's nice to know that you can't even write, though
I might go James on a beat, like Franco
Y'all faggots weep, like your name was Frank O

Sometimes, I just wanna choke a rapper
Grab his career and then choke it after
All for a couple of jokes and laughter
I'm just a broke, psychotic bastard
20-14, and it's getting faster
So damn fast, I can barely catch it
Other rappers gonna try and match it
Spit this shit, but I barely practiced

[Outro Verse: Both Rappers]
Back from the dead, where's my Jackson jacket?
You make me laugh, you and your wack clique

On the attack, like I'm back in action
Fuck you up like a fifth of Captain

Can't kick me, I'm like the baddest habit
Go off on the beat, like it's automatic

Killing these rappers, need a mass of caskets
Knock 'em all dead, hats off to Cassius -

Clay. Coming straight out the Bay

So listen close what we 'bout to say

I'm not trying to be overplayed
I just want an outlet to ignore the pain

Hold up, motherfucker, let me turn the page
I spent years, studied up, and I learned the game

You learned the same, but I yearn to say
I was sent to put you other rappers to shame[Verse 1 - ATM]
Mellas say fuck me cause I don't do features
I'm killing the game while they watch on the bleachers
I'm realer than preachers, become a believer
The Redefiners be the truth not deceivers
Know that they need us, no one gonna beat us
I'm ATM boy and I'm one of the leaders
Original yes I be rocking Adidas
Murder the track and I hunt in a pack
No Rattpack but I'm spitting that crack
Chiraq with a dope fiend sittin' in the back
Smoking our music they just might abuse it
Mentality's sellin' the dopest of flows
Got em' addicted at all of our shows
And they screaming our name but that just how it goes
Wonder why the mix-tape say we chosen
With no management and no label, just pure fan base and we stable
Getting that buzz up we ain't on the cable
I sit at the table, my bible and fable
The king of the world like my name wasn't able
Imma be the leader cause they just ain't able
No passage, blue print ain't working
Better get yo bars up boy I'm lurking
Pay attention, just bitching, pure tension
Competition,just ambition, listen
Underground mainstream, confliction, extension
Bet I get my mention, got so much flow I don't need a rinsing
World in my hands I bet it come missing
ATM boy I'm on that mission, Redefiners on that fucking mission

[Hook - Mentality & ATM]
My membrane is missin', I lost myself and I know
They say I'm a demon, possess the beat and just flow
Young and ambitious so fuck all your riches ya heard
We spit it so vicious the music we make is absurd
Nahhh, they don't like me anyways
Nahhhhh, they don't like me anyways
Young and ambitious so fuck all your riches ya heard
We spit it so vicious the music we make is absurd

[Verse 2 - Mentality]
What are these noises, that I'm hearing up in my head?
They tellin' me to fuck the entire world or else I'm better left off for dead
I'll Listen, a mission, a vision, a given, my mind is becoming a prison
Because my lord savior is no longer risen, pray you will listen
Something so different, so vivid, I know i am gifted
I dont know how you could uphold this whole image
I'm breaking the limit so no on can visit
You say you explicit then I am exquisite, yep
Elegant dressed in whatever, the elements coming together
Relevant and will endeavor, we're prevalent cause we are better!
What's poetic what is lyrical? Is this  world even spherical?
Psychadelics are spiritual but I think Imma need a miracle
To break apart, break apart
And drift away, drift away
Someone is telling me I shouldn't go, something is telling me I shouldn't stay
Lyrical maniac, spiritual brain-attatched
Keepin my name in-tact, just for you
They say we gonna blow in a matter of time and I say god damn I bet that's true!
I was never free, I was never real, what's the point if I can't make you feel
We overdosing on sex appeal, and I'm commin' up to change all that still

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - SwizZz]
3 Z's and I'm sicker than most
Got jack and I'm ready to toast
Root beer kush ready to flow
It's easy to cope after a bit of tokes
So I'm on it yeah oh shit we hitting notes
When it's on the line I don't choke
When she's on her knees she might choke
Ambition is lovely,  you must be hungry
I drop shit like I'm clumsy
You little niggas cannot touch me
If it's fuck me then its fuck you
X that it's I love you
Without you there's no me, so that hatin shit you must do
Your next move might be your last, I run up and strangle you with a shopping bag
Then put your dead body up in a shopping bag
Then bury you under your grandparent's pad (what) shut up (what) shut up
That's 2 for the slow niggas
Get more niggas to roll with you, cuz who you got will not cut it
Fuck it, I'm bucking, Tampa Bay
You can't delay my time to rape this fucking game
I'm snatching change, crack your frames, I can't be tamed
It can't be stopped so don't try it (don't)
My membrane is hiding and I cannot find it
I hope you don't mind it, I am a little off



[Hook]Tommy Wrekz (Chorus)
Look me in my eyes and tell me what do you see?
I'm just a young man struggling to make it
You look at what I wear and you're quick to judge me...
Just because I don't live the way you would choose...
But just give me your love, understand me
Look at where I came from, why can't you accept me?
I don't need your love, that's why I'm angry...
You look at where I came from and criticize me...
Don't criticize me, stop criticizing
Look at where I came from, why can't you accept me?
I don't need your love, that's why I'm angry...
You look at where I came from and criticize me
Don't criticize me

SwizZz (Verse 1)
Ey, I think it's funny how they're always quick to judge, (yeah)
As soon as you get a buzz they're begging for a plug, (c'mon)
One minute they hate you, the next minute it's love
And they want you to catch a case or get addicted to drugs
Shit what the fuck is going on out here?
Secret intentions and hidden motives got you thinking the wrong idea
I ain't the nigga you assumed I was...(nope)
So save the smiles and the groupie hugs for another nigga you meet at the club. (ayy)
Is it me rapping that got you thinking that I'm a statistic? (HUH?)
Is it my complexion that blinds you to the fact I'm different? (HUH?)
Maybe I'm tripping then, I shouldn't say a word about it
Never speak my mind or tell the motha fucking world about it. (nah)
Just do what you gotta do to keep your motor running, (chea)
Cause you ain't gonna stop shit that hit so keep on coming, (chea)
Some niggas always gonna talk, critics always judging
Whatever, it's nothing! Fuck 'em, turn us up and keep it bumping! Yeah

Tommy Wrekz (Chorus)
Look me in my eyes and tell me what do you see?
I'm just a young man struggling to make it
You look at what I wear and you're quick to judge me...
Just because I don't live the way you would choose...
But just give me your love, understand me
(College Station) look at where I came from, why can't you accept me?
I don't need your love, (let's go) that's why I'm angry...
You look at where I came from and criticize me...
Don't criticize me, (nah) stop criticizing, (nah)
Look at where I came from, why can't you accept me? (4-9-0)
I don't need your love, that's why I'm angry...
You look at where I came from and criticize me, (Tommy Wrekz)

Tommy Wrekz (Verse 2)
First of all, I'm not gang involved, (nah)
I'm from a family of crips, but you don't know them at all...
Who are you to try to judge the lifestyle that I crawled?
With no intentions to solve the hardships that I brawled?...
Yeah it's pissing me off, the 2 facedness
Only true fakeness, I lost my best friend it created cruel hatred...
People tryta fit in so they on this cool wait list
While I'm flippin' off the world cause I'm a world rebel patriot...
Bullied at a young age, (chea) fighting turned to gun play, (chea)
With a single momma I didn't get to see her some days, (I love you momma)
Gettin' jumped on Sundays, missing school on Mondays
Gettin' picked on for being half white for fuck sakes...
Why is it that I'm getting labeled by appearance?
Cause I rap I'm incoherent? And I'm black my perseverance is low?
Interference with goals, they acting like it was my got damn decision to go thru
The things that I went thru...
The shit I got into
I been around the drugs and that was something I didn't do
Since I'm from the hood you think you know what I've been thru
Vanchanza was the one who showed me what a true friend do...(Rest in peace)
And now she gone, (chea) there's so much going on, (damn)
And I'm so different from these others so I feel I don't belong
They look at where I come from and my skins a different tone
And automatically assume that we would never get along…Wrekz

Tommy Wrekz (Chorus)
Look me in my eyes and tell me what do you see?
I'm just a young man struggling to make it
You look at what I wear and you're quick to judge me...
Just because I don't live the way you would choose...
But just give me your love, understand me
(College Station) look at where I came from, why can't you accept me?
I don't need your love, (let's go) that's why I'm angry...
You look at where I came from and criticize me...
Don't criticize me, (nah) stop criticizing, (nah)
Look at where I came from, why can't you accept me? (4-9-0)
I don't need your love, that's why I'm angry...
You look at where I came from and criticize me, (Tommy Wrekz)[Verse 1: Hopsin]
Yo, now everybody kept their mouth closed
Stayed on the down low
While you was blabbering all your bullshit rapping 'bout hoes
Now I'mma hit you with the foul flow
How so? I'll show
So niggas now know that my sounds dope
How low, can I go? Lower than you
I'm bouldering boos, your homework is due
You posers are doomed, got post at your room
We coming up quick to cause some misery, headaches and injuries
The minute we own the facility

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
Yo, it’s my turn to put it down for the team
With a glorious lean, stunting, when I walk on the scene
I might do a handstand, spin 1080 degrees
Whatever it be
Hop can you throw me a, G!
I'm focused, no adderall
Equipped with a bigger sack than Santa Clause
Yeah, I have to ball
You’re not a writer you’re a tag along, loner
Push me and I'll put you in a box
Leftovers! Bam

[Hook]
Ayo, We keep on listening to the same damn rookies (Point ‘em out!)
I hit 'em with the bang bang boogie
Ayo, We keep on listening to the same damn rookies (Point ‘em out!)
So I hit 'em with the bang bang boogie (Point ‘em out!)
They go! (Point ‘em out!) They go! (Point ’em out!)
They go! (Point ‘em out!) They go!
Ayo, We keep on listening to the same damn rookies (God damn!)
So I hit 'em with the
Chk! chk! Boom!(gunshot)

[Verse 3: SwizZz]
Ay, I'll pass bars but I didn't go to law school
You'll be long at home depot, you're all tools
I’ll break it down like the swishers in my console
Lick your drinking water, Imma smack you out that bar stool
Now everybody here, throw your hands up like a volunteer
Grab a hairy nigga by his fucking beard, shotgun a beer
Get up off the wall, See us at the top you’re at the bottom like bubble balls
Tell ‘em Hop

[Verse 4: Hopsin]
Yeah, you can tell I’m hot
When my new shit drop I should sell a lot
I’m always thinking some type of selfish plot
My flow is sharper than propellers on a helicop
Who wanna rumble with the egg that’s what the hell I thought
You dang pussies, get hit with the bang boogie, when you ain’t looking, and you be laying in pain shooking
With your brains gushing!
We love stirring up problems, we cause ‘em
Rappers we boss ‘em, it’s fucking awesome

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Hopsin]
When you rolling with the misfits proud, you getting hit with the click click blaow!
It’s a senseless style, nigga its just how
We get down where we come from!
Hit us up!
If you want some, w-with the dumb dumbs!
Shit about that 818 homie we going hard though
Only ones who repping the fucking valley who are dope
We the reasons the planet turns and the stars glow
It's FV welcome to our show!
SwizZz go!

[Verse 6: SwizZz]
Damn Hop! Watchu wanna rush a little nigga for
I know you don’t drink but I’m tryna finish Jack and Coke
The A1A is waiting patiently for us to blow
Cuz on the low we’ve been killing since 2004
(Hey!) F-U-N-K
(What else!) V-O-L-U-M-E
(Hey!) The people love it, (No doubt!)
So we keep it funky!
Here comes the thunder no Kevin Durant
The Bang Bang Boogie just might leave you right where you stand!

[Hook]

[SwizZz]
You know I hit ‘em with that chk! chk! boom!

[Hopsin]
Damn, homie you hit em with that chk! chk! boom!

Ayo, We keep on listening to the same damn rookies (God damn!)
So I hit 'em with the
Chk! chk! Boom!(gunshot)I place my faith in my niggas more than they do themselves
So I have to be the example and do it by myself
But it won't be long until we get back on the same page
My girlfriend broke up with me, now who's up for a gang bang? Ha
I'm ready and willing, feeling I can't be stopped
Soul searching, salute to Dizzy and Manny Scott
Your simple mind has you stuck in a box
Gobstopper, look partner, no one's fucking with us, no
Legendary label changes standards, fuck the system
You fit in even more when you try too hard to be different
Now how 'bout when I camp and only hope and pray you listen
And grasp the message before your fucking funds are insufficient
Cause living without a goal and planning without belief
Only sets you up to get swallowed by grief
Only a few validate what they preach, telling lies through their teeth
You found comfort in denial, pillow talking to sleep
See, my father is a drummer, so I beat up the beat
Silicon Valley flow, baby, watch me get geeked
Don't be humbled by your piffle, cause that bullshit doesn't slide fool
For my family, I would die for any day of the week, yup
Nothing's embellished, what you tell us is irrelevant
You just don't have the vision, now watch it unfold and settle in
We run this independent shit backpedaling
Be cautious with whose business that you meddle in, gentlemen
I'm SwizZzle, don't you know that, I go in until I collapse
R.I.P to N.A.T.E - D.O double G, I po' that
I left school, I will not go back, under armor, click, clack, call that
Plan to pipe a pretty bitch with an asset that's worse than Borat's
I got the shit that you need, check the logo on the sleeve
What's 500 for a feature, fuck it, I'ma raise the fee
Fuck it, I'm a razor's edge this motherfucker off a tree
Not resisting what happens, I just relax and let it be
Let it breath, ahh... Yup, let's rock
Valley-bred, so I put in work for that west side
Thirst, bitch, got you posing naked with your legs wide
Waiting for that instafame, you'll eat a dick to get a like, ho
Seeking satisfaction in vain
Filthy bitches thinking they models hoeing out for a name
Should be ashamed, desperate for something you'll never attain
Your confidence is artificial, coke is frying your brain, dummy
I bully you, take lunch money
Superman punch if act funny?
Those at top don't get comfy
FV's a bunch of wolves, and we getting hungry[Verse 1: SwizZz]
Now I'mma do something a little different
You want swag? Well, here it is, stop trippin'
I gotta keep it real, non-fiction
I'm here to get loose, let the goose start drippin'
It's about to go the opposite of up
While you get it Yung Joc, it's about to go down
I want to see you back it up like reverse
Clock in, go to work, clock out and hit the ground
Maybe I'm a fool like Dame
I throw you dick like a pitch no baseball
I sound rude but you know I don't really mean it
I'm a nice guy, cavalier, [?]
Now get your shovel on if you dig me
Take a couple shots, spin around, get dizzy
Put your camera on flash like titties
Take a picture now, cause we're 'bout to get busy

[Hook: SwizZz]
I'mma let the dog go, I'mma let the cat loose, We about to get wild
I'mma show you how to rock it right here, make it crack with a brand new sound

Blow a cloud and toss it back like yeah [x4]

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
Blackberry, black hat, black tee
Black beanie, black rag, black jeans
Black Dunks so yes, I'm mean
I'm ballin' on a budget but fuck, I'm clean
My swag's on a hundred, billion
Thousand, million, damn I lost count
Somebody hit the lights right now
It's about to get wild, I'mma turn this bitch out
Maybe I'mma rock it like Rick
Rock it like cowboy, rocket like ship
Fuck around and get thrown like a fit
Don't got a lot of cream, but your girl's still whipped
My name's just a little too sharp
I get her naked like juice, then beat it like a heart
(Beat it like a what?) beat it like a heart
When the sun rise to the sun set like park

[Hook]

[Verse 3: SwizZz]
It's 3 o'clock, but you know we don't stop
I won't sleep, but I'll take a double shot
There you go, grim hop to the top
This might put me over but fuck it I'mma rock
I got a "get it" mentality
You say you do this all the time, let's see if you can handle it
Now put your hand on my trigger
I can shift back then shoot and clean it up like a swiffer
See I'm a rider like flow
And I rolls like royce, nigga tell me what it do
See I'm a captain on the track like Mo'
Dippin' in slow mo', pretty lady get a clue
I know I'm a little off the wall
But I'm flyer than a zipper don't let your pants fall
I'm headed to the house so you know just where to meet me at
SwizZzle it's official I'm a natural afrodisiac

[Hook][Verse 1]
Yo, I'm 30,000 feet munching honey roasted peanuts
Sitting coach without the cart or lacking room to kick my feet up
On another Delta flight to another different city
Plus another hand-written letter from my girl saying she'll miss me
What the fuck is going on, huh, somebody better let me know
About a year back I was working at Foot Locker
Selling Jordans at the local mall to stay afloat
Now I get paid when I do a show
Learning how to stay sane when I'm on the road
Getting used to the fake fuck sucker
Now begging to come around all day blowing up my phone
But you don't hear me though
Or do ya, do ya?
I rock that orange Cactus Cooler
Please don't let my image fool ya
I'm shutting it down like a computer
You're AOL, you're lagging
Still on that 56k shit
Getting comfy, relaxing
Satisfied and got complacent
Not me though, fuck that, not me
I got way too much on the line
My dad wants to retire
My mom could use a house with a marble kitchen counter on the countryside
A big backyard so my dog can play
A kingsize sofa so my cat can sleep
Nothing that special, a three bedroom home
With a sub-zero fridge that hold plenty to eat
It wasn't me
That made your bitch come holla
But I did bark loud in her face because she looked like a chihuahua
Mixed with a camel and a donkey
Or maybe a hippo and a monkey
I can't pinpoint what animal it is
But the bottom line is that broad is ugly
Let me get back to it
I spit hot shit, lick it up and chew it
Gargle it, swallow it
Throw it back up in my mouth then spit it out again, I do it
(Nigga you do what?) Nigga I do me
Piñata flow beat up the beat
Groupie hoes get cut off like the sleeves on a shirt on Mister T
I'm taking shots, ball hog
My college budget have me strictly drinking Popov
You claim you're on the block, all talk
My punchlines will lay you out, Balrog
I got you shook like broken ankles, homie, why you scared
Once I go in I'm hard to get out like bubblegum stuck in your hair
Strong enough to bearhug a bear
I'm weird enough to make parents glare
I'm broke as fuck, I can't be repaired
And short enough to rock climb on stairs
But who cares?
"Swizzle, I do
Dry your eyes, you ain't gotta cry cause you 5"2', nah"
Thomas, I'm 5'6
"What?"
I said I'm 5'6
"Nice try, you silly dog, don't try to add an extra inch"
Shit, fuck it, I'm over it now
I love to OD I spit coke with a smile
Addicts relax when they turn up my tracks
Cause the rush I deliver be sniffing a pound
818 romp and I rep for my town
Like it's too heavy I'm putting it down
Niggas stop preaching 'bout what you're not doing
Get up off your ass and stop waiting around
Well shit, homie, why you always talking like you got it made
When you got nothing made but a sandwich
I'm sick of hearing niggas cussing and saying it's all luck to be a rapper
Motherfucker, I planned this
I wasn't hoping and wishing upon a star
It ain't chance or picking a lucky card
This is what happens when you have to persevere
And take all of your fucking pain and put it in your bars
I'm riding 'til I crash like Bandicoot
Doing everything that I can, I won't rely on a fluke
My name is, fuck my name, I hate that shit, man, I'm just kidding
Hi, I'm a SwizZzle fish, grab some floaties, lets﻿ go swimming[Hook]
Yeaaah, (Remix!) all you motherfuckers
Turn it up let it (bounce)
In the trunk let it (bounce)
Throw em up let it (bounce)
Yeah bitch, this is what we do when we verbally turn em out
With the speakers to the maximum, baby just let it bounce
Now, in a crowd let it, (bounce) turn it loud let it (bounce)
Blow em out let it (bounce)
Yeah bitch, this is what we do when I show em what I'm about
With the speakers to the maximum baby just let it bounce

[Verse 1: Chris Webby]
Get your speakers turned up! time to hit them with the remix
Here to make them bounce like a pair of DD tits!
Jordans on my feet bitch I'm flyer then a G-6
G-man with me like I'm rolling with Hakeem Nicks
Got a quarter pound, think I'm bout to order fries
Big-Bam-Boo, Ain't a day that I ain't sorta high!
And I'm'a kill a beat until I'm 45, spitting flames til I leave the mic cauterized
Who am I? They know me as C - W, hole in my rubber you are about to see me coming through!
Chris Rios always running with a pun or two, ask the Birdman, I'm the number one stunna' dude!
Bigger then a fucking typhoon
They can't ignore me after they see me on Itunes, top of the charts the numbers don't lie dude!
So bump this every time you ride through!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
Remix, re-gifts, busy over this way
West coast, throw it up, even if you bitch made
Bounce like your chick that left you for a chick
Cause you couldn't cut it, she fell fast in love with touching clit
Aw shit! what a transition
Your shows whack, fuck paying for the admission!
I'd rather kick it at the house, scooped up on the couch
Pay per view on demand, big blunt in my mouth
Plus a couple egg rolls in the toaster oven
Homie I'm trying to function, I'm on my base shit, going ape shit! Bonkers!
So turns this up to the max like TJ
Where I window shop and buy socks at cheap rates
What the fuck is really good? tell me how you really feel
Shit we bouncing like a fat kid in the jungle off a hill
Come on nigga be for real, quit acting like a ho!
It's SwizZzle Webby and Dizzy at your mother fucking door

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Dizzy Wright]
You hear the bass bumping through the speakers
Poetry alive, this the sound of a preacher
Snatch sneakers, get paid to rip features
You don't like me? well me don't like me either
Used to be debbie, now I'm Wiz Khalifa
They gon' judge me how they see my appearance
But yall ain't hearing me though
I'm killing alot but got a million to go
They say I'm hot cause I get appealed to the most
You should feel like a joke, take notes and do it proudly
We rodwy pull up to the show, the car cloudy
Get on the stage and blame it on the Maui Wowie
Typical instrumental killer giving visuals, I'm no teacher
I'm creeping on the come up on a sleeper
Make you feel weaker just to think a little deeper
Went from writing raps on the bleacher
To making nigga's bounce in the arenas
Webby what we tell em'

[Hook]What the fuck is this, another contest beat?
Yes, I didn't make it past the first heat
But it doesn't matter, I can deal with defeat
And the vid was enough to get me on my feet
So now to spit while the track is spinning
I'm not the type to care about winning
If you look into my mind you can now envision
The lesson I learned: independent living
I'll throw up my tracks to the ether
Spread the words so that they reach you
Bandcamp page my record label
Penning rage like Bry Johnson, fable
Streaming the scrapcode that's embedded
Within the streams floating through my mind
This rhyme's not ill it's a glitch, caused by corrupt creator and corroded design
Cannot process like most other rappers
My failures in life filling more than a chapter
Like a chick calling me a user and liar
When she was the one who started the fire
Spinning, dizzy from the left turns taken
Heart not attached but my brain is aching
Colour flashes dance as I get migraine
Fuck all this shit, time to play my game
Kitty's not the only one repping black metal
Bullet belt on and a score to settle
I live in the realm of nihilism
Look at this globe through a fire prism
The US drowning in a sea of guns
According to the news, you better run
The UK filled with bigoted racists
I feel ashamed, our police try to chase this
Retards think that they know best
The government signs off their dole cheques
Spending on White lightning and cigarettes
Telling creeds to leave when we've not addressed
The crux of the matter: the British empire
We did that shit, made them follow our sire
So learn your history before kicking off
Fucking moron, you deserve to be locked
In a cell, I'll spit ruthless as hell
I'm not gonna spend my time walking on eggshells
Ripping this shit so you can't ignore this
The rhymes inspired and the beat by SwizZzzzzzzz
I'm sorry
Your rebuttal made me fall asleep, so boring
You give a lecture, I hit you like a lorry
Time to stretch after you left me snoring
Sure, you can play this rap game
But be authentic, channel rage and pain
None of this "swag swag swag" type bullshit
Send a message, I don't need a club hit
Fuck it, I'm off to chill with Demonika
Chatting in a cam room, watching her drink liquor
Mike there too, so we talk about weird crap
The 50ft Nerds break your brain like a cricket bat
Paul isn't here, he's gotta work tomorrow
He's got a 12-inch brag he's gotta follow
Joe's busy brushing up on bathroom safety
He's hoarding all the chutney so we haven't seen him lately
This isn't a scene, I'm breaking the shackles
Rapping to chill when you get up my hackles
Chicks want my Gooosh but then twist back on me
Time to ignore your flirting and flattery
Try to trick me into a commitment?
Nah, fuck that, I've seen what happens then
I'm a father, musician and Nerd first my friend
Open your ears, I won't tell you again
In fact, bring it on, you can fuel my fire
That I spit at weak fools as they desire
To leech at my neck like a fucking vampire
I can see you're one of them, you sparkle like a sapphire
You better run before I try to strangle you
Mic cord around your neck and now your face has started turning blue
Decrease the oxygen flow going to your brain
But by the sounds of it you didn't really use it much anyway
Put on this earth to corrupt the masses
Turn each beat into one of my classes
Teaching everyone the world is shit
But we need to step up if we're getting sick of it
Turn on the industry, start a movement
Spread our message to prove that we'll do this
Stop buying records of the ones who churn crap
The ones who slack and pretend to rap
Support the underground movement with this
Bandcamp, FV and Death Grips, add to the pull list
Expand the horizon, fulfil the potential
Add to the mechanics, we are differential[Verse 1]
Bukkake Bukkake
She's fiending the dick and refers to it constantly
It's all on my daily, she ain't shy about it
What happened to modesty?
Her father's a lawyer, her mom is a teacher, and she's an anomaly
She dropped out of school and picked up all the habits of a ho she was following
She landed a job that she loves and is stable in any economy
Some people call it insane, I define it as adventurous modeling
She ditched education and devoted her time to a whole new philosophy
Suck dick! Suck dick! Suck dick! Suck dick! Suck dick, 'till your throat hurts and tonsils bleed!

HENGH!

[Verse 2]
Bukkake Bukkake she gives sloppy toppy to anything walking
They nut in her hair, or they bust on her belly
They cum in her mouth to prevent her from talking
She love it, she want it, she got it, she flaunt it
She tasting it freely and licks it like frosting
The students in dorms, on their laptop computers
Jacks off to her videos while no one is watching!

HENGH!

[Verse 3]
Bukkake Bukkake, she hopped off the train and now she's walking awkwardly
She's under the weather from gallons and gallons of cum she was swallowing
She started in amateur porn and turned into a red hot commodity
She's in love with it all, from bondage to anal, except bestiality
You spend a night with her, I promise you it is like hitting the lotto
The only restriction is eating the box, keep your face out her taco
Protections a given, if you ain't strapped up then you passing like Flacco
Or end up like me and see green when you pee when you wake up tomooo-aaa-AAAAH!

HENGH![Introduction/Hook]
Cali! (x8)
I'm from Californa, ey! (x8)

[Verse 1: Hopsin]
My name is Hopsin and best believe I'm on a paper chase
Since I was a little nigga I been repping 818
See I hit the barber shop so I could get a taper fade
And floss on these niggas who always sipping that hater-aide
I be on that loony shit some say I'm a Luna-tic
Cause I like big fat booty chicks, what type of girls do you be with
Sorry for my randomness, beats I use 'em like canvases
Then I paint on my picture like I'm a hoodlum Evangelist
(Where you from) Los Angeles! Best believe we scandalous
If niggas popping off at the mouth we leave em in bandages
Everyone's always assuming that when I'm not rapping I be on that average shit
Even when I be away from the mic I'm still pulling out devious magic tricks
(Whoa!) I'm from Cali baby!
(Yes!) Will I ever leave?
(No!) We got the remedy
(Yes!) Can you feel the breeze?
(No!) Well maybe you should change the place you reside and come to the west side we'll surely leave you revived

[Hook:]

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
My name is SwizZzle and yes indeed I need my paper straight since I was a little homie I been repping 818
I got to the mall and window shop cause I ain't got no cake pockets on E I can't even buy a Minute Maid
You know I smoke that OG though blowing O's and spitting flows if you broke like we been I can get you for the low dough homes
I'm sorry for my goofiness girls I'll take one that's bootyless then go before that treasure like I am one of the Goonie
Kids
(Where you from) Los Angeles!
Best believe we rambling if he ain't wearing shoes I guarantee we'll snatch his sandals then
Everyone's always assuming that they can live large and be good in the music biz
Give em a second to make a new record and now they producing the stupid shit
(Hey!) Now what it do
(Ho!) We on the west
(Yeah!) I get it in
(No!) You're not a threat
(Whoa!) Now we can do without all you posers I will not make a thing cause I'm from southern California

[Hook:]

[Verse 3] [Hopsin & SwizZz]
Let me out!
Let me in!
He can't do it
Yes he can
Fresher than some peppermint
If they ain't down then (F them them!)
I came here to wreck and save the state that the west is in
Excellent!
(Both) Stay up out our way that's what we recommend
Hopsin!
What SwizZz?
You know where I'm headed
Where?
To the beach I need your keys or I don't think I'm getting there
You can take my ride yo, but only if you (Drive slow)
Fuck that! I'm bending corners running from five-oh!
Don't do that, if you do that's gon' fuck up my life yo
Hop I thought you said you were insured by Survival! You be lying!
I know
Yo you kinda psycho!
I be enough to blow my fucking brain with a rifle
No you won't!
Yes I will!
C'mon dog let's be for real!
Why you think I'm playing? I'm telling you man this ain't a drill!
Well if you're going to do it just wait until your next verse and give us this minute so we can revive The West first!

[Hook:][Verse 1]
If I told you once I won't be back, to say I told you so
Faith is all it takes, pay attention nigga watch the growth
Droppin' out of college made a gang of people mad
They was stressin', now they reppin', proud I took the fuckin' chance
That's right little nigga, SwizZzle it's official
Get on board like a rebound, or swallow a roll of nickels
The rich is gettin' richer and those riches never trickle
Unless you take the path including a mask and a pistol
It's very difficult to recognize the real
Your congressman's corrupt, he's too busy cutting deals
They're propagating bullshit and lying to pass a bill
See, the bank just took your house while he's sitting on a Mil
I guess nobody gives a fuck
If shit, doesn't affect us if it ain't about a buck
We gon' keep our mouth shut, said I'm tryna bust this nut
Pull that ho with a big ol' butt, and tell her to back it-back it up(gee)
Adressin' the system won't get you to listen so I'mma get back on my bullshit
They needed somebody to come out the clutch and then SwizZzle was pulled out the pulpit
Now that I'm on, like your favorite show
I got fans that get buck in the very first row
I see niggas is schemin' for reasons unknown
May be hate, may be envy, I'm lovin' em both
So I embrace it, cuz you're a fuckin' joke
And I can sense the desperation every time you post
Attention' cravin', quit complainin', worry about your self
Tryna build your name off someone else will never fuckin' help
(Ho!) Listen, jealousy is for the bitches bitch
If you're lucky I might let you kneel and kiss the SwizZzle stick
Word to DJ hoppa, cause he's scratchin' like his nipple itch
I had to break it down because some niggas like that simple shiiiiiit
Shit I got what you need
A loony nigga with firm beliefs I'm a different breed
I took the college route, I didn't have to run the streets
I'm blessed to be a blessing for everybody that I can reach
Cause now I'm in this bitch, like a vibrator
Turn the music up, fuck my white neigh's
Noise complain this, noise complain that
Yea yea, who's making a liquor run to get the jack
(Me) Good, there's a message in the bottle
Or at least I thought there was so I was passing 'til I toppled
Seeing double, laying on the pave, kissing potholes
Blacked out, not knowing if I'm gonna see tomorrow
Man I'm such a big deal, Groupon
I scramble eggs butt naked with my shoes on
You piped the duck and got the clap, two palms
Now your shit is leaning like a noodle, udon
Y'all Marvel at the one's that gossip
I marvel at corporations that kill the triple profit
They'll do anything to bath their motherfucking pockets
While we sit back and watch it assuming it's not a problem
My flow is Ernie, Barkley, Kenny TNT
It's hard for people to keep up like hoes with double D's
You could use a couple pillows to protect your knees
They could be useful because that's where you are most of the week
And get your ass up and do something
You tweet about it, but prove nothing
And grew accustomed to frontin' and livin' lies
Talk is cheap, but you oblige
Beneath it all, you're down and out, You run your mouth to help your Pride
I'll give you a second to sit back and listen and soak this all in
If you're sipping you're tripping, don't act like a gimp and get with it
Go hard like you're ready to win
Got a drink in my cup, it's about to get handled
I'm not baby sippin', I came here to binge
If you feel like I'm feelin', then toes to the ceilin'
We bout to go ham like a string on a limb[Verse 1: Nay Nay]

I don't sleep cause I have terrible dreams
I’m just A kid at 18 and I don't know what life means
And still I fiend for the time when I'm finally seen
But I don't take it to extremes like the stars on the screens
I mean, I've Lost three friends in two years
I am just one man with a few tears
And god damn man it’s unreal
The pain that I feel under layers concealed
The reaper was revealed as my peers disappeared
With people in the field of my school all in tears
I've faced my fears that I have met through the years
Plus I Cleared my mind writing these songs that you hear
Graduation nears but these times were unexpected
Looking all around at the lives They've affected
Thinking to myself in a way we're all connected
Reflected on my actions and the choices I've selected

[Hook: SwizZz & Nay Nay]

This is dedicated to the fallen
The ones that we love and will never be forgotten
The ones helpin’ us through the struggles that we Fought in
Who we seek guidance from when times get rotten
Yeah, This is dedicated to the kids
The ones who remember where the good times live
The ones who keep alive all the things they did
Who are by your side no matter how rough it is

[Verse 2: SwizZz]

Look, yo, see I'm tired of it all
I don't wanna pick up a call
Shouldn't be focused on my falls
But I am, looking for ways to understand
This life that has me trapped, I wish I had a plan for the madness
I mean I don't wish, I just gotta grab it and kick bad habits
I'm coming back at it stronger than ever
And niggas will get you down, but that's only if you let ‘em
Aye Nay Nay

[Verse 3: Nay Nay]

That's why I live each day like my last
Looking forward to the future but remember our past
And remember the laughs and remember our class
Cherish the time we spent and the moments we had
Yeah, so we can't bury ourselves inside sorrow
Hold on to memories but look on to tomorrow
Cause that's when I'll be stronger than today
Though bonds break, I won't let y'all drift away, hey

[Hook: SwizZz & Nay Nay]


[Outro: SwizZz]

This is dedicated to the fallen
The ones that we love and will never be forgotten
The ones helpin’ us through the struggles that we Fought in
Who we seek guidance from when times get rotten
Yeah, This is dedicated to the kids
The ones who remember where the good times live
The ones who keep alive all the things they did
Who are by your side no matter how rough it is[Verse 1: Hopsin]
Now I was in the club with a fine ass chick (Fo' Sho')
A bad bitch that was making that ass dip
Then I accidentally let some gas slip
I realized I had to take a real bad shit
So I said shorty, I won't be able to sext you
I really gotta to make my way to the restroom
I found a spot I could pop a squat
But I was blocked by some niggas tryna' pop n' lock
I was pooin' everywhere tryna' stow through the club
I just kept cool acting like I didn't know what it was
When I got to the bathroom, I twisted on the door knob (fuck)
The doors locked (shit) oh god, I started banging till' someone yelled yo' stop
I shouldve never ate my moms fuckin' porkchops
Then I shitted in my pants (say what?)
And some niggas thought I was doin' a dance that I made

[Hook:}
Now do this dance called doo doo pants
And drop that shit to the flo'
Now drop that shit to the flo'
Now drop that shit to the flo'
Drop that shit to the flo'
Drop that shit to the flo'
Drop that shit to the flo'
Drop that shit to the flo'

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
Its about 10:45 and im ready to ride
But first I got somethin' to do
(and whats that?) I just gobbled a big mac
A bag of sour patch and now its time to take a dook
Aye yo Hop (whats up?) wheres the bathroom man? (why?)
My nigga, you should already know (know what?)
Ive got a monster in my tummy, its about to get ugly
Motherfucker (what?) im about to blow
I can feel it pokein' out like a nipple
Its drippin' down my leg (eh) now its official
I'mma need a double XL, some sprain a fanta, open the window
Lots of tissue, and a very large can
For a very large dump, its turning in my gut
Hop dawg forget about your shower, cancel our show
I'mma need a couple hours

[Hook:][SwizZz]
Yo, now who's next on the chopping block
Is it him? Is it her? What do you think Hop?
Should I give em' a chance, or expose them like a camel toe?
Split his fucking head like a cantaloupe?
Excuse me diggy doc Dre
Is it okay if I jump on the beat, and operate?
I'm a doctor myself, minus the med school
But all I prescribe is vodka, and Red Bull (yeah)
I'm not a alcoholic dad don't worry
I'm only 20 drinks in doing 130
Up in the slow lane, acting like I'm not in a hurry
Trying to dodge Rick Ross cause I stole his McFlurry (Boss)
Don't mind me I'm not thinking clearly
I scream at deaf people thinking they can really hear me
I spray tag to attract bitches to get near me
And when they do I make em' bob like they're looking for apples
(SwizZz that didn't rhyme) Well I don't give a fuck
This is my song, and you can turn me off
(SwizZz you're out of your mind) Well I don't give a fuck
Pass me the bong, and let a nigga lift off
(Fly high) and that's what I do
Looking at planet earth from a birds eye view
In the sky with the stars, but no parachute
If I happen to fall I'd just take hit number 2
I've been uncouth, since my youth
I use to eat playdough and sniff glue
And now I drink brews, with the fucking dudes
But it's okay I'm half white too
Yeah buddy, fuck a payday I'm nutty
I'd drop your baby like I'm fucking clumsy
Don't trust me, try not to lust me
I'm known to break hearts all my exes want to jump me
(yup,hey) But they would still love to fuck me
They know I keep it funky because I'm repping FV
(Yup, hey) Nigga I'm chill like Bun B
Kicking it like Chun-Li, dirty like my undies
(Rah!) Now it's time to get active you mother fuckers
Cause I can't stomach less than half you mother fuckers
I'mma rush the line, and start tackling mother fuckers
So put your jeans on, and stop slacking you mother fuckers
(Damn nigga chill out dawg), fuck that
Lick my nut sack if your mad let your gun clap
Put a slug up in my back bust it till my melon cracks
Leave me lifeless in the middle of my cul-de-sac
Heh, fuck a ref I'm official
My words are ammunition my mouth is a pistol
Even if you get low, I still won't miss you
No Kevlar, my shots burn through tissue
Lil homie are you sure you wanna do that?
Fake foot soldier better go, and get your boot strap
Hard body nigga making anybody move back?
Hungry on this motherfucking mic wheres my food at?[Intro: Hopsin]
All I hear is ladi dadi, dadi dadi, dadi dadi, dadi dada

[Hook: Hopsin]
Ain't gotta explain myself to no nigga, I don't have to change
Who the fuck I am, dawg, hell nah, that just ain't me
Don't worry 'bout the moves I make, we can really take it there if we have to
All I hear is ladi dadi, dadi dadi, dadi dadi, dadi dada

[Verse 1: Dizzy Wright]
They calling me the fly guy general, everything is memorable
Marijuana keep me at my pinnacle
Look, lucky me, I got two nougies that's identical
Me stayin' away from all the nicotine and chemicals
Look, I hit my west coast 1-2, cause lyrics do what guns do
Niggas doing what they want to, like this is what it's come to?
Come and witness lives you see me saving
DDT, you break your neck before I break my concentration
Mention the best, motherfuckers better come correct (right!)
Respected on the West, no doubt I'm here to finesse (right!)
Got problems? Hit me direct or get hit with the kill switch
And see, Dizzy go 0 to 100 real quick

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
Look, Z to the third, I prefer to observe
Been on the sideline for a minute, now I'm 'bout to emerge
Separated myself from losers tryna take what I earn
Put my faith in this music knowing nothing's easy deserved, I got racks baby
You haven't noticed, I've been working on these tracks lately
Stacking this ammo just in case these niggas act crazy
I got my eyes wide open, putting this plan in motion, plotting how when I'm smoking
Forget about it, your vision's clouded and the truth is shrouded
And bullshit, so, all that gossip, we can do without it
I'm SwizZzleFish, who wants to skinny dip and take a swim?
The water's warm, I promise, darling, take that off and jump on in, yeah

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jarren Benton]
I'm spitting the illest autobiography, could body your arteries
Name a motherfucker hard as me
I outta be mentioned with the Greek mythology gods
I beat and body the odds, his feet is by the garage
His head inside a duffel bag that's in back of my Dodge
Mr. Benton, ho, I refuse to be pigeonholed, with these imbeciles
A space ace that's been on, bitch, I been gone
I finger these hoes till I get carpal tunnel syndrome
I rap like I don't wanna go back in that basement
Cook up murder material, get blood on my apron
You don't want no problems, what the brass knuckle done
I'm a bully, I don't care to watch these fags guzzle cum
Gat with the bracket that the strap buckle on
Dr. Lecter in this bitch with that black muzzle on
Fuck the industry! Chip on my shoulder, bitch, remember me?
I'm 'bout to murder all my enemies, Hail Mary!

[Verse 4: Hopsin]
Sorry if I come off conceited
I'm dropping killer bars till you niggas all deleted
This lil' microphone, I'm known to eat it
The moment that I succeeded
It was hard to keep the bitches off my penis
Can you believe it?
I been perceived this, a motherfucking omen
Rap Trojan, Hulk Hogan, patrollin'
I ain't here to take no shit from no man
Got a problem with you, I'mma say it, bitch, you know it
I'm Conan, I stroll in
Looking like a monster when I go in
Standing up against me, you got no chance
Tryna play the game without a token, you niggas gotta be joking
This is the reason my niggas the dopest, we on it

[Hook][Verse 1: SwizZz]
Can’t a young nigga get money anymore?
Someone tell Kimberly her new man looks like a horse
When niggas make it rain I’m scopping it off the floor
On all fours shit, I’m trying to save and buying an Accord
Ullo what’s up?
I’m here and ready to fuck
(SwizZzle, your girl's on the rag)
I know, it’s that time of month
Gotta get that lube out the trunk
Guess I'll be drilling her butt
(Nigga you nasty as fuck!)
Thomas I’m playing, shut up (Okay)
Back for a little bit better
I spaz with minimal effort
I used to chill in back of classes and sleep through every lecture
Thinking I had it made
I dug my own grave
But now I’m learning
Broke out of my shell
Took some advice and started working
On my crafts to bash the motherfuckers you look up to
Freestyling daily battling rappers in the lunch room
Niggas promote their music more than they make it
They makin' what they see on YouTube
Hoping they can get famous
(It's like)

[Hook]
Can’t a young nigga get money anymore?
So I can go shopping and buy some shit I can’t afford
Someone tell Hop to stop downloading porn and busting nuts in a sock
Then putting them back in the drawer (Ew)
Can’t a young nigga get money anymore?
Sitting Indian style my balls touch the floor
Tell Swizz Beats that my back is still sore, from doing the unthinkable with Alicia in my Ford
(Hit it)

[Verse 2]
Second verse, let’s bring it back
R.S.V.P where you at?
No boost mobile, you are local
Staying where the fuck you're at
Time's passing, no assist
Take a chance, homie take a risk
Fuck the world, hand all your shit
Pop a bean and titty-fuck a biatch
Why not? Let’s begin inside the box
Brain-dead by what you watch
Kennedy on fucking Fox
Cooler than an otter pop
I’m moving like a juggernaut
I’ll charge into your label blindfolded and throwing molotovs
Mazel Tov!
Who’s that nigger that doesn’t consider the grammar and wished to be motivation?
Rapping is cool
But rappers are fools for following trends on an everyday basis
You niggas are basic!
Like the cable at my crib
Here’s a recommendation: don't quit your day job (No!)

[Bridge]
Can’t a young nigga get money anymore?
Someone tell Dame that he’s a phoney CEO
This bitch got A-Cups' and wants me to motorboat
Fuck that!
I’m taking the route and hittin’ the dough
(Go)

[Hook][Verse 1: Hopsin]
I purposely have the weirdest image
Foolish eye, slits in my eyebrows with a piercing in it
Yeah I'm real belligerent I do it so I leave fear imprinted
On the heart of every emcee who ain't no where near committed
The game was gay without you
You increased the queer percentage
Every time you do a show and leave the stage we hear the crickets
Hopsin's out his noggin plus I got the proper gear to win it
I ain't made a million but 2012's the year to get it
So doubt me and keep on talking shit
Cause all it does is make you look fucking stupid when I accomplish it
Tell your friends I'm all Charades
Knock me down, call me fake
Pain is motivation and that's the reason I'm raw today
My style's explicit out of your limits coward admit it now you're addicted to the vile
Horrific sound of the grimace shot
Wow, I'm terrific so bow down little bitches
It's FV 2012 a new foulest edition

[Bridge](x2)
So what you tryna do?
Nothin'
Right, Right

[Verse 2: Dizzy Wright]
Hello world it's Dizzy Wright the fucking maniac
An angel sent me a bag of weed with my fucking brain attached
Snatch yo bitch ass up wherever you claim you at
Slap you with a baseball bat with a fucking chain attached
I ain't violent my mind is just on some angry rap
Killuminati I be wherever my lord and savior at
A brave soul, my soul is already with Jesus Christ
I don't need this life I'm just here if you niggas need advice
A sacrifice is a sacrifice
You wasn't acting right and now you gon' have to deal with it after life
I'm good, my prayer getting stronger
I'm a player, Funk Volume got my paper getting longer
Las Vegas soldier
I'm ready for war if you motherfuckers wanna take it there
Call up Hop and SwizZz but honestly that wouldn't make it fair
I made it rare to musically play it fair but I'm independent so don't think I won't take this chair to your facial hairs
Local legend, a legend to all my locals
I'm striving to hit the top but it took awhile to get mobile
I, got a little social and perfected all my vocals
Thought I told ya I was fucking going global
Dizzy Wright nigga

[Bridge](x2)

[Verse 3: SwizZz]
Hey, I'm dropping in halfpipe, I'm SwizZzle bitch
Coming equipped with a fifth and a bag of Swedish Fish
I'm on one, like I'm standing on a number
Here's an invite to my party, bring a pillow it's a slumber
Cause I, put 'em to sleep tight tucking 'em in
So sharp a couple bars might puncture your skin
Black eyes like I got jumped and stomped out with Tims
When you're as real as me I guarantee it's hard to pretend
So I don't plan to and never will
I got the juice like a bodybuilder
Overlooked the industry and signed a deal
It's FV I'm moving independent like a loner
Dizzy got that green on deck like a batter so it's time to roll up
(Homie hold up, What?)
We gon' put it down like a toilet seat then flush until the shit floods
The flow is funky man it doesn't shower
The moment is ours, 2012 FV turn it up louder

[Bridge](x2)[Hook: Hopsin]
Finna' throw the whole game outta focus
Beat it in the head cause the flow sick, FV
Finna' throw the whole game out focus
Beat it in the head cause the flow sick, let 'em know
And we'll never fade away, we just keep on moving
We ain't afraid of bitch niggas talking slick
Act up and you could get it
So sit down and pay attention nigga

[Verse 1: SwizZz]
I ain't in the building I'm base jumping off of it
It's SwizZzle (bitch), time to take my balls out your esophagus
I took a break and became the topic of all the gossip and
Dummies taking shots and get mad because I don't acknowledge 'em, yup
Started in '08 and still ain't fuckin' dropped an album
Circumstances have set me back and I'm buzzin' without one
Perceived as the hype man in the back
But I'm a founder of this shit and now look where it's at, huh
I'll let you have it like I'm generous nigga
Shit, my existence alone is such a benefit nigga
Rewind the clock a couple years, I'm still ahead of you niggas
It's 2013, I'm making beds for you niggas
To sleep soundly, three Z's ho
I'm in the booth lettin' it spill: BP flow
Punch lines knock 'em out like D-Bo
You niggas ain't ready to stop me from runnin' it: Tim Tebow

[Hook and SwizZz]
(2013, my existence alone, it's such a benefit nigga)

[Verse 2: Dizzy Wright]
(Uh-uh)
Yo, greatly awakened, I'm coming straight out of Vegas
Beside' from taking over we planning assassinations
The craft I'm taking, I'm poetry in the matrix
We know the industry fake and we slowly about to break it
See they embrace it cause Hop was just in his basement
He secretly hired killers that's killing collaborations
2012 I took this shit back to the roots
Shit, back with your bitch ass, you can get trapped in a booth
Hardest out, I'm hardly out but talk about stoner out the group
My home smell like Bob Marley's house
I found it out and you can count me out
These rappers weak, y'all lyrics drier than cottonmouth
The problem child and you surprised that I'm next
Nigga said he going global and I swear that I ain't lied to you yet
Labels calling cause they tryna invest
It's 2013 and the first thing they ask is "We signing a check?"
Nah

[Hook and Dizzy Wright]
(We know the industry fake, we slowly about to break it)

[Verse 3: Jarren Benton]
Hello y'all it's the bully, in a Trayvon Martin hoodie
And a bunch of gynecology tools to operate on you pussies
Ain't no killer but please don't push me
The day you fags belittle me
Is the day that Hopsin joins a group with Soulja Boy and Lil B
Overseas they call me a sick cunt
I'm hungry and I just missed lunch
Fuck a FV 2013 song, dang the world ends this month
I'm crazy as Big Pun on a fifth of rum storm in the house
Pissed cause his wife hid all his sharp knives and his gun
I kill a nigga for Hop, SwizZzle, Dizzy and Dame
Or Hoppa, this ain't a label bitch, this is a gang
SIKE, let me not say that, all the fans will be like
"HOP! You're a hypocrite, why'd you sign Jarren, he's ignorant!"
I ain't going nowhere, get used to me
FV ain't what it used to be
Cause we making moves, about to hit the top
Shining just like jewelery
Yeah, fuck you haters who ain't with it
And you labels that shit it, homie
We did it independent bitch

[Hook and Jarren Benton]
(This ain't a label bitch, this is a gang
We did it independent bitch)

[Verse 4: Hopsin]
Yo, this was something that you couldn't prevent
I threw my fucking life away to get my foot in this bitch
I see some dedicated haters and they looking to diss
I know the fucking solution; an ass-whooping is it
I got the industry all shooken and stiff
Since I ain't loaned 'em my soul you know it's something that they wouldn't admit
I made a change and the devil said I shouldn't commit
But the lifestyle he offers ain't as good as it gets
Man I ain't just another rapper on the list, mackin' on the chicks
Doing big collabs every track to own a hit
I'm the captain of this ship, plus I'm back up on my shit
Take a note of it and stick it to a magnet on your fridge
So your asses don't forget that my purpose is astronomic
I enlighten those who hurting and lacking knowledge
The burden is bad the pocket I'm certain I had to stop it
The fire is burning but I'm emerging through ashes fallen
My image made all you folks doubt
But I made it through the vicious cold drought
Now all you niggas get to see my flow sprout
Sorry mama but I gotta roll now
I done made some cheese, now I can finally afford my own house
I see niggas speaking on shit that they don't know about
I excel in places they failed so they think I sold out
But this is what the fame does, we came up, and made our name buzz
Now they mad cause they ain't us

[Hook][Hook]
Finna throw the whole game outta focus
Beat it in the head cause the flow sick FV
I'm finna throw the whole game outta focus
Beat it in the head cause the flow sick let em know
We don’t never fade away, we just keep on moving
And we ain’t afraid of bitch nigga’s talking slick act up and you can get it
So sit down and pay attention nigga

[Verse 1: SwizZz]
Z Z z Heangh, I ain’t in the building I’m base jumping off of it
It's Swizzle bitch time to take my balls out your esophagus
I took a break and became a topic of all the gossiping
Dummies taking shots and get mad because I don’t acknowledge em yep
Starting in '08 and still ain’t fucking dropped an album
Circumstances have set me back and I’m buzzing with out one
Perceived as the hype man in the back
But I’m a founder of this shit and now look where its at huh
I'll let u have it like I’m generous nigga
Shit my existence alone is such a benefit nigga
Rewind the clock a couple years I’m still ahead of you nigga’s
It's 2013 I’m making beds for you niggas
To sleep soundly 3 Z’s ho
I’m in the booth letting it spill, BP flow
Punchlines knock em out like Deebo,
You nigga’s ain’t ready to stop me from running to Tim Tebow ohh boy!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Dizzy Wright]
Yo greatly awakened I’m coming straight outta Vegas
Beside from taking over we planning assassinations
The craft I’m taking I’m poetry in the matrix
We know the industry fake and we slowly about to break it
See they embrace it cause Hop was just in his basement he secretly hired killers that's killing collaborations
2012 I put this shit back to the roots
Shit bag with yo bitch act you can get trapped in a booth
Hardest out, I’m hardly out but talking bout stoner out the group my home smell like Bob Marley’s house
I found it out and you can count me out, these rappers weak y’all lyrics dryer than cotton mouth
The problem child you surprised that I’m next
Nigga said he going global and I swear that I ain’t lied to you yet
Labels calling cause they trying to invest
It's 2013 and the first thing they ask is we signing a check? Nahhh

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jarren Benton]
Jarrrron Bennnnton
Hello y’all it’s the bully
In a Trayvon Martin hoodie
And a bunch of gynecology tools to operate on you pussies
Ain’t no killer but please don’t push me,
The day you fags belittle me
Is the day that Hopsin joins a group with Soulja Boy and Lil B
Overseas they call me a sick cunt
I’m hungry and I just missed lunch
Fuck an FV 2013 song dang the world ends this month,
I’m crazy as Big Pun on a fifth of rum
Storm in the house pissed cause his wife hid all his sharp knives and his gun
I kill a nigga for Hop, SwizZzle, Dizzy, and Dame
Or Hoppa this ain’t a label bitch this is a gang SIKE
Let me not say that all the fans will be like "Hop, you a hypocrite
Why'd you sign Jarren? He's ignorant!"
I ain’t going nowhere get used to me
FV ain’t what it used to be
Cause we making moves about to hit the top, shining just like jewelry, Yeah, fuck you haters who ain’t with it
And you labels that shitted homie we did it independent bitch!

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Hopsin]
(Yeah, Hopsin check me out yo)
This was something that you couldn't prevent
I threw my fucking life away to get my foot in this bitch
I see some dedicated haters and they looking to diss,
I know the fucking solution and ass whooping is it
I got the industry all shooken and stiff
Since I ain't loan 'em my soul you know it's something that they wouldn't admit
I made a change and the devil said I shouldn’t commit
But the lifestyle he offers ain’t as good as it gets
Man I ain’t just another rapper on the list
Mackin' on the chicks doing big collabs every track tone a hit
I’m the captain of the ship
Plus I’m back upon my shit
Take a note of it and stick it to a magnet on your fridge
So yo asses don’t forget that my purpose is astronomic (nahh)
I enlighten those who hurting and lacking knowledge
The burden is bad to pocket I’m certain I had to stop it
The fire is burning but I’m emerging through ashes falling
My image made all you folks doubt
But I made it through the vicious cold drought
Now all you niggas get to see my flow sprout,
Sorry mama but I gotta roll now, I done made some cheese
Now I can finally afford my own house,
I see niggas speaking on shit that they don’t know about
I excel in places they failed so they think I sold out (shit)
But this is what the fame does we came up
And made our name buzz and now they mad cause they ain’t us

[Hook]